Amundsen Circle

Coordinates: 40°33′37″N 74°07′12″W﻿ / ﻿40.56028°N 74.12000°W﻿ / 40.56028; -74.12000 Oakwood is the name of a neighborhood located in east central Staten Island, one of the five boroughs of New York City, USA. It lies near the southern shore, and is bordered by Tysens Lane (north); the Atlantic Ocean (east); Great Kills Park (south); and Kensico Street at Clarke Avenue (west).[1]

imgURL : loc_name : Amundsen Circle
addressValue : Savoy St, New York, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -74.131153
latValue : 40.564592

Blue Heron Park

Blue Heron Park Preserve is a nature refuge on Staten Island, New York which has various natural areas including meadows, kettle ponds, freshwater streams and marshes, and woodlands. The park, maintained by the New York City Department of Parks and Recreation, was acquired by the city in several parcels between 1974 and 2001, with the official dedication taking place on October 22, 1996.The extensive wetlands in the park are part of the "Blue Belt" an area of Staten Island which utilizes existing and improved undeveloped areas for storm water drainage. There are six ponds located within the park including the 1.75-acre (7,100 m2) Spring Pond and the 1.4-acre (5,700 m2) Blue Heron PondThe park provides habitat to various species of birds including the Blue heron (Ardea herodias) for which it was named as well as various species of mammals such as bats, raccoons, grey squirrels and chipmunks.The visitors center for the park located off Poillon Ave, is the starting point for three trails which traverse different areas of the park.American Sweet Gum (Liquidambar styraciflua), Tulip tree (liriodendron tulipifera), Red columbine (Aquilegia canadensis), Black-eyed Susan (Rudbeckia hirta) and Jack-in-the-pulpit (Arisaema triphyllum) white water lilies (Nymphaea odorata).

imgURL : loc_name : Blue Heron Park Nature Center
addressValue : 222 Poillon Ave, Staten Island, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -74.177404
latValue : 40.531056

Clawson Playground

loc_name : Clawson Playground
addressValue : Adelaide Ave, New York, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -74.123629
latValue : 40.560591

Freshkills Park

The Fresh Kills Landfill was a landfill covering 2,200 acres (890 ha) in the New York City borough of Staten Island in the United States. The name comes from the landfill's location along the banks of the Fresh Kills estuary in western Staten Island.[1] The landfill was opened in 1947 as a temporary landfill but became New York City's principal landfill in the second half of the 20th century. It was once the largest landfill, as well as human-made structure, in the world.[2][3]In October 2009, reclamation of the site began on a multi-phase, 30-year site development for reuse as Freshkills Park.The landfill opened in 1947 in what was then a rural agricultural area. The initial plan for a temporary landfill called for Fresh Kills to be used for 20 years, then developed as a multiuse area with residential, recreational, and industrial components.[4]At the peak of its operation, the contents of twenty barges – each carrying 650 tons of garbage – were added to the site every day.[5] In 2001 it was estimated that, if kept open, the landfill would have eventually become the highest point on the East Coast.[5] Under local pressure and with support of the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), the landfill site was closed on March 22, 2001, though it was temporarily reopened soon after (see below).Originally the land where the landfill was located was a salt marsh. The subsoil was made up of clay, with sand and silt as the top layer of soil. The land still contains large amounts of wildlife within the boundaries of the landfill. There were tidal wetlands, forests, and freshwater wetlands.[6]

imgURL : loc_name : Freshkills Park
addressValue : New York, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -74.186124
latValue : 40.577455

Fort Wadsworth

Fort Wadsworth is a former United States military installation on Staten Island in New York City, situated on The Narrows which divide New York Bay into Upper and Lower halves, a natural point for defense of the Upper Bay and Manhattan beyond. Prior to closing in 1994 it claimed to be the longest continually manned military installation in the United States. Fort Wadsworth is now part of the Staten Island Unit of Gateway National Recreation Area, maintained by the National Park Service.The first use of the land for military purposes was as the site of a blockhouse in 1663. During the American Revolution it became known as Flagstaff Fort; captured by the British in 1776, it remained in British hands until the war's end in 1783. It became the responsibility of New York State in 1806, and reverted to federal control during the War of 1812. Divided into several smaller units, including Fort Tompkins and Fort Richmond, its present name was adopted in 1864 to honor Brigadier General James Wadsworth, who had been killed in the Battle of the Wilderness during the Civil War.In 1910, the fort fired a 21-gun salute to former President Theodore Roosevelt as his ship passed through the Narrows on his return from a nearly year-long trip to Africa and Europe.[1] In 1913, ground was broken by President William Howard Taft for a proposed National American Indian Memorial that was to be built on the site of Fort Tompkins. The monument was to include a 165-foot-tall (50 m) statue of an American Indian on the bluff overlooking the Narrows, but difficulties in fundraising and the advent of World War I precluded fruition of the plan.[2]By 1924, Fort Wadsworth had become an infantry post, and from 1955 until 1974 it was the headquarters of the 52nd AAA Brigade. It then was the site of the United States Army Chaplain school before being turned over to the United States Navy in 1979,[citation needed] which used it as the headquarters of its New York Naval Station. The property became part of Gateway National Recreation Area when the Navy left in 1995. Shortly after that, the United States Coast Guard became a tenant in some of the buildings and housing previously occupied by the Navy. As of 2007, they are occupied by the United States Coast Guard's Sector New York[3] and a Maritime Safety and Security Team. The United States Army Reserve occupies several buildings on the fort. Other buildings house administrative and educational facilities for the National Park Service as well as operations for the United States Park Police.Historic structures include Battery Weed, directly on the harbor, and Fort Tompkins on the bluff above. Both were built in the mid-19th Century and are open to the public on guided tours only. There are several smaller early 20th Century coastal artillery batteries and an overlook with panoramic views of the Upper Bay, Brooklyn and Manhattan. The National Park Service maintained a visitors' center on site until 2013 and offered ranger-led tours of the facilities.

imgURL : loc_name : Fort Wadsworth
addressValue : Fort Wadsworth, Staten Island, NY, USA
typeValue : political
lonValue : -74.0579185
latValue : 40.6012117

Miller Field

Miller Field was a United States Army facility on Staten Island, New York, in New Dorp. It was founded in November 1919 and completed in 1921. It was named after Captain James Ely Miller (1883–1918), commanding officer of the 95th Aero Squadron in the Air Service of the AEF, who died in combat on March 9, 1918 over Rheims in World War I. He was the first United States aviator killed in action while serving with an American military aviation unit. Before World War I Miller had been vice president of the Columbia Trust Company of New York and manager of its Fifth Avenue office who trained at his own expense to earn his pilot's license and Reserve Military Aviator rating with the Governors Island Training Corps in 1916. He was also an organizer, along with Major Raynal Bolling, of the 1st Reserve Aero Squadron, the first unit of what would eventually become the Air Force Reserve Command.When built, Miller Field was the only coastal defense air station in the eastern United States and was part of the network of fortifications around New York City. It was built on land formerly belonging to the Vanderbilt family.It had a grass runway (and was the last airport with a grass runway in New York City), ramps for seaplanes, and four hangars for planes. Miller Field was used for antiaircraft fire and training Coast Guard personnel. Miller Field closed as an airbase in 1969.The Field was the site of the Elm Tree Beacon Light, a lighthouse from the 19th century through 1924 when it was abandoned. The light had replaced a landmark elm tree.On December 16, 1960 a United Airlines Douglas DC-8 and a Trans World Airlines Lockheed Super Constellation collided just west of the field with the Constellation crashing into the northwest corner of the airport while the DC-8 crashed into Park Slope Brooklyn. 134 were killed. The 1960 New York air disaster was the worst airline disaster to that point.The Miller Army Air Field Historic District is now on the National Register of Historic Places.Currently the field is also in use as a local park, with baseball and soccer fields. It hosts the New York Philharmonic Orchestra in the summer. The field is directly east of New Dorp High School.Miller Field is a part of the Staten Island Unit of the Gateway National Recreation Area, which is managed by the National Park Service.

imgURL : loc_name : Miller Field
addressValue : New Dorp Lane, Staten Island, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -74.099036
latValue : 40.567359

Great Kills Park

The Fresh Kills Landfill was a landfill covering 2,200 acres (890 ha) in the New York City borough of Staten Island in the United States. The name comes from the landfill's location along the banks of the Fresh Kills estuary in western Staten Island.[1] The landfill was opened in 1947 as a temporary landfill but became New York City's principal landfill in the second half of the 20th century. It was once the largest landfill, as well as human-made structure, in the world.[2][3]In October 2009, reclamation of the site began on a multi-phase, 30-year site development for reuse as Freshkills Park.The landfill opened in 1947 in what was then a rural agricultural area. The initial plan for a temporary landfill called for Fresh Kills to be used for 20 years, then developed as a multiuse area with residential, recreational, and industrial components.[4]At the peak of its operation, the contents of twenty barges – each carrying 650 tons of garbage – were added to the site every day.[5] In 2001 it was estimated that, if kept open, the landfill would have eventually become the highest point on the East Coast.[5] Under local pressure and with support of the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), the landfill site was closed on March 22, 2001, though it was temporarily reopened soon after (see below).Originally the land where the landfill was located was a salt marsh. The subsoil was made up of clay, with sand and silt as the top layer of soil. The land still contains large amounts of wildlife within the boundaries of the landfill. There were tidal wetlands, forests, and freshwater wetlands.[6]

imgURL : loc_name : Great Kills Park
addressValue : New York, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -74.126932
latValue : 40.550207

The Greenbelt

New York is the most populous city in the United States and the center of one of the most populous urban agglomerations in the world—the New York metropolitan area.[6] The city is referred to as New York City or the City of New York to distinguish it from the State of New York, of which it is a part. A global power city,[7] New York exerts a significant impact upon commerce, finance, media, art, fashion, research, technology, education, and entertainment. The home of the United Nations Headquarters,[8] New York is an important center for international diplomacy[9] and has been described as the cultural and financial capital of the world.[10][11][12][13][14]On one of the world's largest natural harbors,[15] New York City consists of five boroughs, each of which is a county of New York State.[16] The five boroughs—the Bronx, Brooklyn, Manhattan, Queens, and Staten Island—were consolidated into a single city in 1898.[17] With a census-estimated 2013 population of 8,405,837[4] distributed over a land area of just 305 square miles (790 km2),[18] New York is the most densely populated major city in the United States.[19] As many as 800 languages are spoken in New York,[20][21] making it the most linguistically diverse city in the world.[22] By 2013 census estimates, the New York City metropolitan region remains by a significant margin the most populous in the United States, as defined by both the Metropolitan Statistical Area (19.9 million residents)[23] and the Combined Statistical Area (23.5 million residents).[24] In 2012, the MSA had a gross metropolitan product (GMP) of over US$1.33 trillion, while the CSA[25] had a GMP of over US$1.55 trillion, both ranking first nationally by a wide margin and behind the GDP of only twelve nations and eleven nations, respectively.[26]New York traces its roots to its 1624 founding as a trading post by colonists of the Dutch Republic and was named New Amsterdam in 1626.[27] The city and its surroundings came under English control in 1664.[27][28][29] New York served as the capital of the United States from 1785 until 1790.[30] It has been the country's largest city since 1790.[31] The Statue of Liberty greeted millions of immigrants as they came to America by ship in the late 19th and early 20th centuries[32] and is a globally recognized symbol of the United States and its democracy.[33]Many districts and landmarks in New York City have become well known to the city's approximately 55 million annual visitors.[34] Several sources have ranked New York the most photographed city in the world.[35][36][37] Times Square, iconified as "The Crossroads of the World",[38] is the brightly illuminated hub of the Broadway Theater District,[39] one of the world's busiest pedestrian intersections,[40][41] and a major center of the world's entertainment industry.[42] The names of many of the city's bridges, skyscrapers,[43] and parks are known around the world. New York City's financial district, anchored by Wall Street in Lower Manhattan, has been called the world's leading financial center[44][45][46] and is home to the New York Stock Exchange, the world's largest stock exchange by total market capitalization of its listed companies.[47][48] Manhattan's real estate market is among the most expensive in the world.[49] Manhattan's Chinatown incorporates the highest concentration of Chinese people in the Western Hemisphere,[50][51] with multiple signature Chinatowns developing across the city.[52][53] Providing continuous 24/7 service,[54] the New York City Subway is one of the most extensive metro systems worldwide, with 468 stations in operation.[55][56][57][58] Numerous colleges and universities are located in New York,[59] including Columbia University, New York University, and Rockefeller University, which have been ranked among the top 35 in the world.[60]In the precolonial era, the area of present day New York City was inhabited by various bands of Algonquian tribes of Native Americans, including the Lenape, whose homeland, known as Lenapehoking, included Staten Island, the western portion of Long Island (including the area that would become Brooklyn and Queens), Manhattan, and the Lower Hudson Valley, including The Bronx.[61]The first documented visit by a European was in 1524 by Giovanni da Verrazzano, a Florentine explorer in the service of the French crown, who sailed his ship La Dauphine into New York Harbor. He claimed the area for France and named it "Nouvelle Angoulême" (New Angoulême).[62]

imgURL : loc_name : Greenbelt Nature Center
addressValue : 700 Rockland Ave, Staten Island, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -74.139003
latValue : 40.588336

Lemon Creek Park

Lemon Creek is a stream located on the South Shore of Staten Island, one of the five boroughs of New York City. It is one of the few remaining ground-level creeks in New York City.Known in 1830 as Seguine's Creek, for a prominent local family, this body of water was referred to as the Little North River in 1895. Shortly thereafter, it began to be called Lemon Creek, although the origin of the name is not known.[1]

imgURL : loc_name : Lemon Creek Park
addressValue : New York, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -74.201057
latValue : 40.511595

South Beach & Boardwalk

South Beach, also nicknamed SoBe, is a neighborhood in the city of Miami Beach, Florida, United States, located due east of Miami city proper between Biscayne Bay and the Atlantic Ocean. The area encompasses all of the barrier islands of Miami Beach south of Indian Creek.This area was the first section of Miami Beach to be developed, starting in the 1910s, thanks to the development efforts of Carl G. Fisher, the Lummus Brothers, and John S. Collins, the latter whose construction of the Collins Bridge provided the first vital land link between mainland Miami and the beaches.The area has gone through numerous artificial and natural changes over the years, including a booming regional economy, increased tourism, and the 1926 hurricane, which destroyed much of the area. In 2010, 39,186 people lived in South Beach.[1]South Beach started as farmland. In 1870, Henry and Charles Lum purchased 165 acres (67 ha) for coconut farming. Charles Lum built the first house on the beach in 1886. In 1894, the Lum brothers left the island, leaving control of the plantation to John Collins, who came to South Beach two years later to survey the land. He used the land for farming purposes, discovering fresh water and extending his parcel from 14th Street to 67th in 1907.[citation needed]In 1912, Miami businessmen the Lummus Brothers acquired 400 acres (160 ha) of Collins' land in an effort to build an oceanfront city of modest single family residences. In 1913 Collins started construction of a bridge from Miami to Miami Beach. Although some local residents invested in the bridge, Collins ran short of money before he could complete it.[2]Carl G. Fisher, a successful entrepreneur who made millions in 1909 after selling a business to Union Carbide, came to the beach in 1913. His vision was to establish South Beach as a successful city independent of Miami. This was the same year that the restaurant Joe's Stone Crab opened. Fisher loaned $50,000 to Collins for his bridge, which was completed in June, 1913. The Collins Bridge was later replaced by the Venetian Causeway.[3]On March 26, 1915, Collins, Lummus, and Fisher consolidated their efforts and incorporated the Town of Miami Beach. In 1920 the County Causeway (renamed MacArthur Causeway in 1942[4]) was completed.[5] The Lummus brothers sold their oceanfront property, between 6th and 14th Streets, to the city. To this day, this area is known as Lummus Park.[citation needed]In 1920, the Miami Beach land boom began. South Beach's main streets (5th Street, Alton Road, Collins Avenue, Washington Avenue, and Ocean Drive) were all suitable for automobile traffic. The population was growing in the 1920s, and several millionaires such as Harvey Firestone, J.C. Penney, Harry C. Stutz,[6] Albert Champion, Frank Seiberling, and Rockwell LaGorce built homes on Miami Beach. President Warren G. Harding stayed at the Flamingo Hotel during this time, increasing interest in the area.[citation needed]In the 1930s, an architectural revolution came to South Beach, bringing Art Deco, Streamline Moderne, and Nautical Moderne architecture to the Beach. South Beach claims to be the world's largest collection of Streamline Moderne Art Deco architecture. Napier, New Zealand, another notable Art Deco city, makes an interesting comparison with Miami Beach as it was rebuilt in the Ziggurat Art Deco style after being destroyed by an earthquake in 1931.[citation needed]By 1940, the beach had a population of 28,000. After the December 7, 1941 attack on Pearl Harbor, the Army Air Corps took command over Miami Beach.[citation needed] That year, tourism brought almost two million people to South Beach.[7]In 1964, South Beach became even more famous when Jackie Gleason brought his weekly variety series, The Jackie Gleason Show to the area for taping, a rarity in the industry. Beginning in the late 1970s and continuing through the 1980s, South Beach was used as a retirement community with most of its ocean-front hotels and apartment buildings filled with elderly people living on small, fixed incomes. This period also saw the introduction of the "cocaine cowboys," drug dealers who used the area as a base for their illicit drug activities. Scarface, released in 1983, typifies this activity. In addition, television show Miami Vice used South Beach as a backdrop for much of its filming because of the area's raw and unique visual beauty. A somewhat recurring theme of early Miami Vice episodes was thugs and drug addicts barricading themselves in utterly run-down, almost ruin-like empty buildings. Only minor alterations had to be made for these scenes because many buildings in South Beach really were in such poor condition at the time.[citation needed]While many of the unique Art Deco buildings, such as the New Yorker Hotel, were lost to developers in the years before 1980, the area was saved as a cohesive unit by Barbara Capitman and a group of activists who spearheaded the movement to place almost one square mile of South Beach on the National Register of Historic Places. The Miami Beach Architectural District was designated in 1979.[citation needed]Before the days of Miami Vice, South Beach was considered a very poor area with a very high rate of crime. Today, it is considered one of the wealthiest and most prosperous commercial areas on the beach. Despite this, poverty and crime still exist in some isolated places surrounding the area.[8]Natalie O'Neill of the Miami New Times said in 2009 "Until the 1980s, Miami Beach was a peculiar mix of criminals, Cubans, and little old ladies. Then the beautiful people moved in."[9] In the late 1980s, a renaissance began in South Beach, with an influx of fashion industry professionals moving into the area. In 1989 Irene Marie purchased the Sun Ray Apartments (famous for the chainsaw scene in Scarface) and opened Irene Marie Models - the first international full-service modeling agency in Florida. Many of the large New York based agencies soon followed.Thomas Kramer is credited with starting the construction boom in South Beach, driving the gentrification of the area. It is now a popular living destination for the wealthy. Condominium units in the upscale high rises sell for millions. There are a number of vocal critics of the developments. The high-rise and high density buildings are derided as a "concrete jungle". However, even critics concede that the development has changed the area into a pedestrian friendly, low crime neighborhood.[10][11]

imgURL : loc_name : South Beach Corporation
addressValue : 945 Euclid Ave, Miami Beach, FL, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -80.135006
latValue : 25.780266

Von Briesen Park

This is a list of parks in New York City.There are three entities that manage parks within New York City. Each agency has its own responsibilities for its own parks. The three agencies are as follows:

imgURL : loc_name : Arthur Von Briesen Park
addressValue : Staten Island, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -74.059754
latValue : 40.607354

Willowbrook Park

Willowbrook State School was a state-supported institution for children with intellectual disability located in the Willowbrook neighborhood on Staten Island in New York City from 1947 until 1987.The school was designed for 4,000, but by 1965 it had a population of 6,000. At the time it was the biggest state-run institution for people with mental disabilities in the United States.[1] Conditions and questionable medical practices and experiments prompted Sen. Robert Kennedy to call it a "snake pit."[2]Public outcry led to its closure in 1987, and to federal civil rights legislation protecting people with disabilities.A portion of the grounds and some of the buildings were incorporated into the campus of the College of Staten Island, which moved to Willowbrook in the early 1990s. The rest of the buildings sit abandoned and dilapidated in the Staten Island Greenbelt.In 1938, plans were drawn up to build a facility for intellectually disabled children on a 375 acres (152 ha) site in the Willowbrook section of Staten Island. Construction was completed in 1942, but instead of opening for its original purpose, it was converted into a United States Army hospital and named Halloran General Hospital, after the late Colonel Paul Stacey Halloran. After World War II, proposals were introduced to turn the site over to the Veterans Administration, but in October 1947, the New York State Department of Mental Hygiene opened its facility there as originally planned, and the institution was named Willowbrook State School.

imgURL : loc_name : Willowbrook Park
addressValue : Victory Blvd, Staten Island, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -74.158113
latValue : 40.600562

Wolfe's Pond Park

Wolfes Pond Park is a large public park located on the South Shore, Staten Island west by Holten Avenue, on the south by Raritan Bay, and on the east by Chisolm Street, Luten Avenue, and Cornelia Avenue, which is also the main entry into the park's public areas. Hylan Boulevard bisects the park, and most visitors only visit the southern half of the park, where Wolfes Pond (for which the park is named), two playgrounds, and basketball and tennis courts are located, as well as numerous walking and biking paths, open fields, and a small beach on Raritan Bay. The northern, inland half consists mostly of ponds and woodlands, and the northeastern corner hugs Tottenville High School.In 1991 and again in 2011 the dam between the beach and the pond broke draining the pond of freshwater and flooding it with saltwater, killing the freshwater fish and many of the red-eared slider turtles.[1]From 1941 into the 1970s Robert Moses had planned to build the Wolfe's Pond Parkway into the park from Richmond Parkway.[2] Between 1995 and 1998, the park was upgraded, and public areas were expanded. With this came the addition of the second playground on the east side of the park, as well as the sports areas, a new entrance to the beach, and a new monument to the Battle of the Bulge. Every 4th of July, the park holds a fireworks show, with live entertainment and food venues. This popular show draws hundreds of Staten Island residents from the South Shore and elsewhere every year.

imgURL : loc_name : Wolfes Pond Park
addressValue : Cornelia Ave, Staten Island, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -74.192985
latValue : 40.521014

Alice Austen House

The Alice Austen House, also known as Clear Comfort, is located at 2 Hylan Boulevard in the Rosebank section of Staten Island, New York City, New York.[4] It was home of Alice Austen, a photographer, for most of her lifetime, and is now a museum and a member of the Historic House Trust.[5] The house is administered by the "Friends of Alice Austen", a volunteer group.[6] Today, the Alice Austen House hosts many school programs, including photography summer camps and day trips for classes of all age groups.[7]It was originally built in the 1690s/early 1700s as a one room Dutch Colonial House on the shore of New York harbor, near the Narrows with brothers Jacob Johnson and Lambert Johnson being the likely first occupants. The brothers Johnson purchased 120 acres of land from George Brown in 1698.[8] It was remodeled and expanded several times in the 1800s, most notably after John Haggerty Austen, Alice's grandfather, purchased, renamed, and remodeled it in 1844.[1]It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1970, became a New York City Landmark in 1971. It was purchased by New York City in 1975 and opened to the public. In 1993 it became a National Historic Landmark, and in 2002, it became a Historic Artist Home and Studio.[6][1]

imgURL : loc_name : Alice Austen House
addressValue : 2 Hylan Blvd, Staten Island, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -74.063031
latValue : 40.615141

Conference House

The Conference House (also known as "billop house[3] was built before 1680 and is located near the southernmost tip of New York State on Staten Island, which became known as "Billop's Point" in the 18th century. The Staten Island Peace Conference was held here on September 11, 1776, which unsuccessfully attempted to end the American Revolutionary War. The house, a National and New York City Landmark, is the only pre-Revolutionary manor house still surviving in New York City. It is located at Conference House Park overlooking Raritan Bay. The house is also located within the Ward's Point Conservation Area, separately added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.[1][4]Captain Christopher Billopp, after years of distinguished service in the Royal Navy, came to America in 1674. He was granted a land patent on 932 acres (3.7 km²) on the southernmost tip of Staten Island. Archaeological evidence, including shell middens and digs conducted by The American Museum of Natural History in 1895, have shown that the Raritan band of the Lenape camped in the area and used the location as a burial ground. The burial ground known as Burial Ridge is the largest pre-European burial ground in New York City.As the legend goes, Capt. Billopp's seamanship secured Staten Island to New York, rather than to New Jersey: the island would belong to New York if the captain could circumnavigate it in one day – which he proceeded to do.[5]In 1677, the fortunes of colonial service took Capt. Billopp to New Castle on the Delaware River, where he commanded the local garrison. Upon appointment of Thomas Dongan as governor of the colony of New York, he returned to Staten Island and became active in the local government. He was further rewarded by another patent, expanding his Staten Island property to 1,600 acres (6.4 km²).It is difficult to ascertain exactly when his manor house was built, but one surviving map shows that a building existed on the site of the Conference House before 1680. The house was passed down to his great grandson Christopher Billop, who was commissioned a colonel and led loyalist forces against the patriots in the American Revolution. After the cessation of hostilities and British withdrawal from the former colonies, the house was confiscated by the State of New York with no recompense to the Billopp family.

imgURL : loc_name : The Conference House
addressValue : 298 Satterlee St, Staten Island, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -74.253251
latValue : 40.503127

Historic Richmond Town

Historic Richmond Town is a living history village and museum complex in the neighborhood of Richmondtown, Staten Island, in New York City. It is located near the geographical center of the island, at the junction of Richmond Road and Arthur Kill Road.[2]It was formerly a county seat and commercial center which included the former courthouse of Richmond County, coterminous with the borough of Staten Island. The site also contains other former commercial and governmental buildings, as well as farm buildings and homes, some of which were relocated from other parts of Staten Island. Historic Richmond Town is a village comprising over 30 historic buildings and sites dating from the late 17th to the early 20th Century. Decker Farm, located about one mile from the center of Historic Richmond Town, features a farm stand and seasonal activities such as pumpkin picking.The creation of Historic Richmond Town was the joint effort of many Staten Islanders, led by the vision of local historians and preservationists: Loring McMillen, William T. Davis and local banker David L Decker. Fueled by the same depression-era passion for historic preservation which resulted in the creation of Colonial Williamsburg, these men helped create a testament to Staten Island's rich history in an era of rapid development and urban sprawl.Established in 1958, Historic Richmond Town is a joint project of the Staten Island Historical Society, an independent nonprofit cultural organization, and the City of New York, which owns the land and the buildings and supports part of its operations with public funds from the Department of Cultural Affairs. The purpose of this museum village is to make visitors feel as if they are living in the 19th century. Visitors are able to have a first hand experience of what Historic Richmond Town once was.Historic Richmond Town holds a lot of history dating back to the 18th century. People who lived in Richmond Town were mostly of Dutch, English, or French descent. The most common jobs were blacksmiths, shoemakers, and other types of craftsmanship. You can still visit these once worked in shops to see how they made a living back then. British troops were stationed in Richmond Town during the American Revolution.

imgURL : loc_name : Historic Richmond Town
addressValue : 441 Clarke Ave, Staten Island, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -74.145266
latValue : 40.570228

Jacques Marchais Museum of Tibetan Art

The Jacques Marchais Museum of Tibetan Art, located on residential Lighthouse Hill in the Egbertville neighborhood of Staten Island, New York City, United States, is home to one of the United States' most extensive collections of Himalayan artifacts.[1] The museum was created by Jacques Marchais, an American woman, to serve as a bridge between the West and the rich ancient and cultural traditions of Tibet and the Himalayan region.[2] Marchais designed her educational center to be an all-encompassing experience: it was built to resemble a rustic Himalayan monastery with extensive terraced gardens and grounds and a fish and lotus pond.[3] The museum was praised for its authenticity by the Dalai Lama who visited in 1991.[4] A writer in the New York Times referred to the museums's founder under the name Jacqueline Klauber, noting that she used Marchais as her professional name.[4]Marchais had never visited Tibet or the Himalayas, but she had a lifelong interest in the region and sought to find a permanent home for her collection. The museum officially opened in 1947.[5] The museum, its collection and its history in Staten Island has been chronicled in a book by the same name[6] and 60th anniversary exhibition.[7]The museum has not been able to benefit from the Department of Transportation's initiative to draw traffic to the borough's cultural organizations via a new signage program because it lacks a dedicated parking lot[8] and as such it remains somewhat hidden among New York City's cultural organizations.[3] Bicycling clubs, however, having easier parking, make it a destination.

imgURL : loc_name : The Jacques Marchais Museum of Tibetan Art
addressValue : 338 Lighthouse Ave, Staten Island, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -74.13834
latValue : 40.5763

Staten Island Children's Museum

The Staten Island Children's Museum is a children's museum on the grounds of Sailors' Snug Harbor[1] on Staten Island, New York, opened in 1976,[2] following community and government support for the project.[3] The museum stresses a hands-on interactive approach to its exhibits[4] and currently offers visitors nine separate exhibit areas. Current exhibits include House About It (Home building), Bugs and other insects, Great Explorations, Sea of Boats, Ladder 11, Portia's Playhouse, the Garden Terrace and Big Games.[5] A large metal sculpture of a Praying Mantis, named Francis the Praying Mantis, is located in front of the museum.[6]NY Parenting (2011-11-01). "Museum update: Francis returns and much more!". NY Parenting. Retrieved 2011-11-29. In 2005, it was among 406 New York City arts and social service institutions to receive part of a $20 million grant from the Carnegie Corporation, which was made possible through a donation by New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg.[7][8]

imgURL : loc_name : Staten Island Childrens Museum
addressValue : 1000 Richmond Terrace, Staten Island, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -74.101935
latValue : 40.642459

Postcards

New York City Center (previously known as City Center of Music and Drama[2] and also known as New York City Center 55th Street Theater,[3]) is a 2,257-seat Moorish Revival theater located at 131 West 55th Street between 6th and 7th Avenues in Manhattan, New York City. It is one block south of Carnegie Hall. City Center is especially known as a performing home for several major dance companies as well as the Encores! musical theater series and the Fall for Dance Festival. The facility houses the 2,257 seat main stage, two smaller theaters, four studios and a 12-story office tower.[4]The New York City Center, built in 1923, was designed by architect Harry P. Knowles and the firm of Clinton & Russell,[3] and was originally called the Mecca Temple, by the Ancient Arabic Order of the Nobles of the Mystic Shrine, more commonly known as Shriners. The Shriners had previously held their meetings at Carnegie Hall. According to Broadway lore, Carnegie Hall management was disturbed by the amount of cigar smoke generated during Shriners meetings and evicted them.[citation needed] Although the Shriners owned a clubhouse at 107 West 45th Street, large meetings had earlier been held in Carnegie Hall and in the concert hall of Madison Square Garden[5] (the 1890 Stanford White building).

imgURL : loc_name : 1-800 Postcards
addressValue : 121 Varick St #4, New York, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -74.006225
latValue : 40.724808

Snug Harbor Cultural Center

Sailors' Snug Harbor, also known as Sailors Snug Harbor or Snug Harbor Cultural Center and Botanical Garden or, informally, Snug Harbor, is a collection of architecturally significant 19th-century buildings set in a park along the Kill Van Kull on the north shore of Staten Island in New York City, United States. It was once a home for aged sailors and is now an 83-acre (34 ha) city park. Some of the buildings and the grounds are used by arts organizations under the umbrella of the Snug Harbor Cultural Center and Botanical Garden. Sailors' Snug Harbor includes 26 Greek Revival, Beaux Arts, Italianate and Victorian style buildings. The site is considered Staten Island's "crown jewel"[4] and "an incomparable remnant of New York's 19th-century seafaring past."[5] It is a National Historic Landmark District.Snug Harbor was founded through a bequest after the death of Revolutionary War soldier and ship master Captain Robert Richard Randall, namesake of the nearby neighborhood of Randall Manor. Randall left his country estate in Manhattan, bounded by Fifth Avenue, Broadway, 10th Street, and the southern side of 8th Street adjacent to what is now Washington Square, to build an institution to care for "aged, decrepit and worn-out" seamen. Randall's disappointed heirs contested the will extensively, delaying the opening of the sailors' home for decades. By the time the will challenge was settled, the once-rural land around the Manhattan estate had become well-developed. Snug Harbor's trustees (appointed by Randall's will, they included the mayor of New York City, the president and vice president of the Marine Society, senior ministers of the Episcopal and Presbyterian Churches, the head of the Chamber of Commerce, and the chancellor of the State) decided to maximize the profits on the Manhattan property. They changed the proposed site of the institution to another piece of land bequeathed by Randall: a 130-acre plot on Staten Island overlooking the Kill Van Kull.[6][7]Sailors' Snug Harbor finally opened in 1833, the country's first home for retired merchant seamen. It began with a single building, now the centerpiece in the row of five Greek Revival temple-like buildings on the New Brighton waterfront.[8] From 1867 to 1884, Captain Thomas Melville, a retired sea captain and brother of Moby-Dick author Herman Melville, was governor of Snug Harbor.[9] In 1890, Captain Gustavus Trask, the governor of Snug Harbor, built a Renaissance Revival church, the Randall Memorial Chapel and, next to it, a music hall, both designed by Robert W. Gibson.[8] At its peak in the late 19th century, about 1,000 retired sailors lived at Snug Harbor, then one of the wealthiest charities in New York. Its Washington Square area properties yielded a surplus exceeding the retirement home's costs by $100,000 a year.[8]By the mid-20th century, however, Snug Harbor was in financial difficulty. Once-grand structures fell into disrepair, and some were demolished; the ornate white-marble Randall Memorial Church was torn down in 1952. With the arrival of the Social Security system in the 1930s, demand for accommodation for old sailors declined; by the mid-1950s, fewer than 200 residents remained.In the 1960s, the institution's trustees proposed to redevelop the site with high-rise buildings; the new New York City Landmarks Commission stepped forward to save the remaining buildings, designating them landmark structures, and listing them on the National Register of Historic Places. A series of legal battles ensued, but the validity of landmark designation was ultimately upheld and it was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1965.[3][10] In the 1970s, the trustees moved the institution to Sea Level, North Carolina and sold the Staten Island site to the City of New York.[8] Today, Randall's Trust no longer operates a retirement home, but the Trustees of the Sailors' Snug Harbor in the City of New York continues its work, using funds from the endowment to help mariners all over the country. Its office is at 40 Exchange Place, Suite 1701 NY, NY 10005.On September 12, 1976, the Snug Harbor Cultural Center was opened to the public.In 2008, the Cultural Center and the Staten Island Botanical Garden merged to become the Snug Harbor Cultural Center and Botanical Garden.[11]The Sailors' Snug Harbor Archives are preserved at the Stephen B. Luce Library at SUNY Maritime College in the Bronx.

imgURL : loc_name : Snug Harbor Cultural Center & Botanical Garden
addressValue : 1000 Richmond Terrace, New York, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -74.10295
latValue : 40.641304

Staten Island Yankees

Staten Island /ˌstætən ˈaɪlənd/ is one of the five boroughs of New York City, in the U.S. state of New York, located in the southwest part of the city. Staten Island is the southernmost part of the both the City and State of New York, with Conference House Park at the southern tip of the island and the state.[2] The borough is separated from New Jersey by the Arthur Kill and the Kill Van Kull, and from the rest of New York by New York Bay. With a 2013 Census-estimated population of 472,621,[1] Staten Island is the least populated of the boroughs but is the third-largest in area at 59 sq mi (153 km2). The borough is coextensive with Richmond County, and until 1975 the borough was officially named the Borough of Richmond.[3] Staten Island has been sometimes called "the forgotten borough" by inhabitants who feel neglected by the city government.[4][5]The North Shore — especially the neighborhoods of St. George, Tompkinsville, Clifton, and Stapleton — is the most urban part of the island; it contains the officially designated St. George Historic District and the St. Paul’s Avenue-Stapleton Heights Historic District, which feature large Victorian houses. The East Shore is home to the 2.5-mile (4 km) F.D.R. Boardwalk, the fourth-longest in the world.[6] The South Shore developed rapidly beginning in the 1960s and 1970s, and is mostly suburban in character. The West Shore is the least populated and most industrial part of the island.Staten Island used to claim the largest landfill in the world.[7] It was closed in 2001, then shortly afterward temporarily reopened to receive the debris from the September 11th attacks.[8] The landfill is being made into what will be New York City's second largest public park.[9]Motor traffic can reach the borough from Brooklyn via the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge and from New Jersey via the Outerbridge Crossing, Goethals Bridge, and Bayonne Bridge. Staten Island has Metropolitan Transportation Authority (MTA) bus lines and a MTA rapid transit line, the Staten Island Railway, which runs from the ferry terminal at St. George to Tottenville. Staten Island is the only borough that is not connected to the New York City subway system. The free Staten Island Ferry connects the borough to Manhattan and is a popular tourist attraction, providing views of the Statue of Liberty, Ellis Island, and Lower Manhattan.

imgURL : loc_name : Staten Island Yankees
addressValue : 75 Richmond Terrace, New York, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -74.076554
latValue : 40.645398

Staten Island Zoo

The Staten Island Zoo is a 8-acre (3.2 ha) urban zoo in West New Brighton, Staten Island, New York City. The zoo is open year round except on Thanksgiving, Christmas, and New Year's Day. It has been accredited by the Association of Zoos and Aquariums (AZA) since 1988.[1]The history of the Staten Island Zoo (Barrett Park) can be traced back to three long forgotten Staten Island War heroes, Colonel Edward Harden, Colonel Richard Penn Smith and Major Clarence Barrett. In the 1800s Staten Island was home to many ranking military leaders including Colonel Harden and Colonel Penn Smith whose estates were located right across from each other on opposite sides of Clove Road.The Staten Island Zoo was built on the former estate grounds of Colonel Edward Harden. Colonel Harden fought in the Spanish–American War and moved to 614 Broadway on Staten Island in 1908 with his wife Julia Harden where they resided in what was later known as the "Harden Mansion". Mrs Harden willed the land to the city upon her death under three conditions: that it be named for her brother in law, Civil War Major Clarence Barrett, that the property not be used for a playground and that her husband Colonel Harden be allowed to reside in the house that stood on the property. Mrs Harden died in 1930[4] and the property was transferred to the city of New York. The site was (and still is) officially called "Barret Park" in city planning records and it wasn't until the 1960s when the "Staten Island Zoo" became the popular name for the site. In the first few years the only mention of "Zoo" in the Zoo signs were in the word "Zoological" for the "Staten Island Zoological Society" which operated Barret Park.In August 1933 the Staten Island Zoological Society was created. On March 25, 1935 the Egbert-Robillard Bill was passed by the New York State Senate to have the city provide maintenance for the zoo. Two months later on May 7, 1935 the Governor of New York signed an agreement to allocate public funds for the zoo to cover operational and maintenance costs while the exhibits, animal care and educational programs were to be maintained by the Staten Island Zoological Society [5] With the land now owned by the city and a Zoological Society in place to run and administer the site, Zoo construction commenced in 1933 as part of the Federal Government’s works program to convert the 8-acre estate into a zoo. The zoo opened to the public on June 10, 1936 and was considered the first U.S. "educational zoo."The parking lot which was built in 1968 and was built on a plot of land across from the zoo on the corner of Clove Road and Martling Avenue, The property was originally the mansion of United States Civil War Colonel Richard Penn Smith who fought at the battle of Gettysburg. The war hero resided in Staten Island and after his death was buried in Staten Islands Moravian Cemetery on Richmond Road. The Colonels large stately home and surrounding plot of land was later purchased by the Actors Fund which turned the Colonels home into a retreat for actors with 50 bedrooms and views of Martling Pond.[6] In the late 1920s the retreat was closed and the 20 acres of the estate were eventually acquired and split between the Staten Island Zoological Society for use as a parking lot and by the Saint Peters Cemetery for expansion of burial sites [7]As of January 2010[update], the Zoo was working on several renovations. A new carousel and an outdoor Amur leopard enclosure, slated to be one of the largest leopard enclosures in the United States once completed, are being designed by Slade Architecture under the New York City Design Excellence Program.In September 2013, the zoo announced plans to bring cassowaries to the zoo.[8]

imgURL : loc_name : Staten Island Zoo
addressValue : 614 Broadway, Staten Island, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -74.114681
latValue : 40.625384

The New York Public Library

New York is a state in the Northeastern and Mid-Atlantic regions of the United States. New York is the 27th-most extensive, the third-most populous, and the seventh-most densely populated of the 50 United States. New York is bordered by New Jersey and Pennsylvania to the south and by Connecticut, Massachusetts, and Vermont to the east. The state has a maritime border with Rhode Island east of Long Island, as well as an international border with the Canadian provinces of Ontario to the west and north, and Quebec to the north. The state of New York is often referred to as New York State to distinguish it from New York City, its largest city.New York City, with a Census-estimated population of over 8.4 million in 2013,[8] is the most populous city in the United States and a financial, cultural, and tourism center.[9][10][11] The city alone makes up over 40 percent of the population of New York State. New York City is also known for being the location of Ellis Island, the largest gateway for immigration in the history of the United States. Both the state and city were named for the 17th century Duke of York, future King James II of England.New York was inhabited by various tribes of Algonquian and Iroquoian speaking Native Americans at the time Dutch settlers moved into the region in the early 17th century. In 1609, the region was first claimed by Henry Hudson for the Dutch. Fort Nassau was built near the site of the present-day capital of Albany in 1614. The Dutch soon also settled New Amsterdam and parts of the Hudson River Valley, establishing the colony of New Netherland. The British annexed the colony from the Dutch in 1664. The borders of the British colony, the Province of New York, were quite similar to those of the present-day state.About one third of all the battles of the Revolutionary War took place in New York. The state constitution was enacted in 1777. New York became the 11th state to ratify the United States Constitution, on July 26, 1788.Henry Hudson's 1609 voyage marked the beginning of European involvement with the area. Sailing for the Dutch East India Company and looking for a passage to Asia, he entered the Upper New York Bay on September 11 of that year.[12] After his return word of his findings quickly spread and Dutch merchants began to explore the coast in search for profitable fur trade. During the 17th century, Dutch trading posts established for the trade of pelts from the Lenape, Iroquois and other indigenous peoples expanded into the colony of New Netherland. The first of these trading posts were Fort Nassau (1614, near present-day Albany); Fort Orange (1624, on the Hudson River just south of the current city of Albany and created to replace Fort Nassau), developing into settlement Beverwijck (1647), and into what became Albany; Fort Amsterdam (1625, to develop into the town New Amsterdam which is present-day New York City); and Esopus, (1653, now Kingston). The success of the patroonship of Rensselaerswyck (1630), which surrounded Albany and lasted until the mid 19th century, was also a key factor in the early success of the colony. The English captured the colony during the Second Anglo-Dutch War and governed it as the Province of New York. The city of New York was recaptured by the Dutch once again in 1673 during the Third Anglo-Dutch War (1672–1674) and renamed New Orange, but returned to the English under the terms of the Treaty of Westminster a year later.[13]

imgURL : loc_name : New York Public Library - Mid-Manhattan Library
addressValue : 455 5th Ave, New York, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.981692
latValue : 40.751901

United Artists Theater

New York is the most populous city in the United States and the center of one of the most populous urban agglomerations in the world—the New York metropolitan area.[6] The city is referred to as New York City or the City of New York to distinguish it from the State of New York, of which it is a part. A global power city,[7] New York exerts a significant impact upon commerce, finance, media, art, fashion, research, technology, education, and entertainment. The home of the United Nations Headquarters,[8] New York is an important center for international diplomacy[9] and has been described as the cultural and financial capital of the world.[10][11][12][13][14]On one of the world's largest natural harbors,[15] New York City consists of five boroughs, each of which is a county of New York State.[16] The five boroughs—the Bronx, Brooklyn, Manhattan, Queens, and Staten Island—were consolidated into a single city in 1898.[17] With a census-estimated 2013 population of 8,405,837[4] distributed over a land area of just 305 square miles (790 km2),[18] New York is the most densely populated major city in the United States.[19] As many as 800 languages are spoken in New York,[20][21] making it the most linguistically diverse city in the world.[22] By 2013 census estimates, the New York City metropolitan region remains by a significant margin the most populous in the United States, as defined by both the Metropolitan Statistical Area (19.9 million residents)[23] and the Combined Statistical Area (23.5 million residents).[24] In 2012, the MSA had a gross metropolitan product (GMP) of over US$1.33 trillion, while the CSA[25] had a GMP of over US$1.55 trillion, both ranking first nationally by a wide margin and behind the GDP of only twelve nations and eleven nations, respectively.[26]New York traces its roots to its 1624 founding as a trading post by colonists of the Dutch Republic and was named New Amsterdam in 1626.[27] The city and its surroundings came under English control in 1664.[27][28][29] New York served as the capital of the United States from 1785 until 1790.[30] It has been the country's largest city since 1790.[31] The Statue of Liberty greeted millions of immigrants as they came to America by ship in the late 19th and early 20th centuries[32] and is a globally recognized symbol of the United States and its democracy.[33]Many districts and landmarks in New York City have become well known to the city's approximately 55 million annual visitors.[34] Several sources have ranked New York the most photographed city in the world.[35][36][37] Times Square, iconified as "The Crossroads of the World",[38] is the brightly illuminated hub of the Broadway Theater District,[39] one of the world's busiest pedestrian intersections,[40][41] and a major center of the world's entertainment industry.[42] The names of many of the city's bridges, skyscrapers,[43] and parks are known around the world. New York City's financial district, anchored by Wall Street in Lower Manhattan, has been called the world's leading financial center[44][45][46] and is home to the New York Stock Exchange, the world's largest stock exchange by total market capitalization of its listed companies.[47][48] Manhattan's real estate market is among the most expensive in the world.[49] Manhattan's Chinatown incorporates the highest concentration of Chinese people in the Western Hemisphere,[50][51] with multiple signature Chinatowns developing across the city.[52][53] Providing continuous 24/7 service,[54] the New York City Subway is one of the most extensive metro systems worldwide, with 468 stations in operation.[55][56][57][58] Numerous colleges and universities are located in New York,[59] including Columbia University, New York University, and Rockefeller University, which have been ranked among the top 35 in the world.[60]In the precolonial era, the area of present day New York City was inhabited by various bands of Algonquian tribes of Native Americans, including the Lenape, whose homeland, known as Lenapehoking, included Staten Island, the western portion of Long Island (including the area that would become Brooklyn and Queens), Manhattan, and the Lower Hudson Valley, including The Bronx.[61]The first documented visit by a European was in 1524 by Giovanni da Verrazzano, a Florentine explorer in the service of the French crown, who sailed his ship La Dauphine into New York Harbor. He claimed the area for France and named it "Nouvelle Angoulême" (New Angoulême).[62]

imgURL : loc_name : United Artists Theatres
addressValue : 1 Union Square W, New York, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.991887
latValue : 40.73556

Atrium Stadium Theaters

The State University of New York at New Paltz, known as SUNY New Paltz for short, is a public university in New Paltz, New York. It traces its origins to the New Paltz Classical School, a secondary institution founded in 1828 and reorganized as an academy in 1833.[4] The school is consistently ranked as one of the top universities in the State University of New York system, and is one of only four SUNY universities in the New York metropolitan area.Following a decimating fire in 1884, the academy offered their land to the state government of New York contingent upon the establishment of a normal school. In 1885, the New Paltz Normal and Training School was established to prepare teachers to practice their professions in the public schools of New York. It was granted the ability to award baccalaureate degrees in 1938, when it was renamed the State Teachers College at New Paltz; an inaugural class of 112 students graduated in 1942. A few years later, in 1947, a graduate program in education was established. When the State University of New York was established by legislative act in 1948, the Teachers College at New Paltz was one of 30 colleges associated under SUNY's umbrella. An art education program was added in 1951; in 1960, the college (assigned the moniker of the State University of New York College of Liberal Arts and Science at New Paltz in 1961) was authorized to confer liberal arts degrees.There were several student-led demonstrations in the late 1960s and early 1970s, primarily against the Vietnam War. In the spring of 1967, a sit-in protesting military recruitment on campus blocked the entrance to the Student Union for two days. While there were scores of demonstrators the first day, all but 13 dispersed before New York State Troopers arrived and bodily carried the demonstrators to a waiting school bus for a trip to court. In the fall of 1968, students rallied in support of Craig Pastor (now Craig DeYong) who had been arrested by New Paltz Village Police for desecration of the American flag which he was wearing as a superhero cape in a student film directed by Edward Falco. College President John J. Neumaier posted bail. Pastor was released and charges were dropped. Following the Cambodian Campaign and concomitant Kent State shootings in May 1970, there was a protest leading to a five-day student occupation of the Administration Building (subsequently renamed Old Main). A March 1974 sit-in at the Haggerty Administration Building (opened in 1972) reacted against perceived discriminatory hiring practices, the state-mandated reintegration of Shango Hall (which then housed underrepresented students), and the threatened cessation of the Experimental Studies Program in the wake of a budget shortfall.[5]

imgURL : loc_name : Atrium Stadium Cinemas
addressValue : 680 Arthur Kill Rd, New York, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -74.164002
latValue : 40.559697

Staten Island Mall

Staten Island Mall is a shopping mall in the Staten Island borough of New York City, United States. It is the only indoor shopping mall in the borough.[1] It is the largest retail center on the island and is the site of the island's third largest public transit hub after the St. George ferry terminal and Eltingville Transit Center, respectively, with numerous bus routes that connect to the periphery of the mall area.The mall is owned by General Growth Properties of Chicago, Illinois. It has 200 stores employing approximately 3,000 people. Anchor tenants include JCPenney, Macy's, and Sears.Prior to the construction of the mall, the land was occupied by the Staten Island Airport, which opened in 1941. The site was sold in 1955 with a shopping and amusement center, known as the Staten Island Center, envisaged. Construction, however, did not commence until 1970 and while the grand opening was in 1973, some stores (such as a supermarket) opened on the site much earlier, and were in full operation as early as the summer of 1970, probably earlier. Anchor tenants in later years included Macy's, and Sears. The mall's original developer was Feist and Feist Realty Corp. When the Rouse Company acquired the mall in 1980 they remodeled the mall by adding additional escalators to the six that were working at the time the mall opened, plus additional trees and several new fountains throughout the mall.The last major renovation and expansion of the mall was in 1993 when the JCPenney wing was completed. It has currently a two-story mall shaped like a letter "T", with a gross leasable area (GLA) of 1,274,000 ft²[2] (114,000 m²) and a tenant GLA of 622,000 ft² (58,000 m²).The music video for the New Radicals 1999 hit single "You Get What You Give" was filmed in the mall.On April 16, 2009, Chicago based General Growth Properties, the owner of the Staten Island Mall and over 200 other malls in 44 states filed for bankruptcy amid sharply reduced revenues and a crippling debt burden of over $25 billion. The company's stock price plummeted 97% over the following year, trading at just $1.05. At the time, it seemed likely that the company's strategy for reorganization will include the sale of properties. It was unclear whether the Staten Island Mall would be included as one of those properties.[3] General Growth has since re-emerged from bankruptcy, and Staten Island Mall continues to be owned and operated by General Growth.In 2008 and 2009, following the US economic meltdown, several stores, including some open for many years, closed down and discount or non-national retailers took their places. Other spaces sat vacant, with their windows being used to display other stores' merchandise. However by mid-2010, higher-end shops such as Michael Kors, Pandora and Armani Exchange opened for business, and presently in 2011 numerous new brands (Teavana, Adidas, Love Culture, etc.) are relocating or updating their looks while new tenants continue to revive the mall's image.

imgURL : loc_name : Staten Island Mall
addressValue : 2655 Richmond Ave, Staten Island, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -74.164457
latValue : 40.581509

Bricktown Mall

Bricktown Center at Charleston (sometimes referred to as the Bricktown Mall) is an open-air lifestyle center located in the Charleston neighborhood of Staten Island, New York City, United States. The center is located at the intersection of Tyrellan Avenue and Veterans Road West.Bricktown Center at Charleston opened in 2007, encompassing 42 acres of formerly vacant land.[1]The anchor tenants in the center are Home Depot, Target, Bed Bath and Beyond, and Christmas Tree Shoppes. The only other tenant is Applebees.[2] Other non-commercial amenities that the developer agreed with the city to provide include a 16-foot wide greenway, which includes bicycle and pedestrian paths, as well as the upgrading of existing infrastructure.[3]

imgURL : loc_name : Bricktown Centre At Charleston
addressValue : Richmond Pkwy, Staten Island, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -74.250503
latValue : 40.50588

Hylan Plaza

Hylan Plaza (formerly called Fox Plaza after its former anchor tenant) is an open-air shopping center in the New Dorp neighborhood of Staten Island, New York City, United States.[1]Hylan Plaza debuted in 1966 with the opening of a Fox Plaza, now United Artists Movie Theater, and a W.T. Grant department store, now Kmart. By 1968 a new Garber Brothers department store, now a Toys "R" Us/Babies "R" Us combination, and a Pathmark supermarket were added as anchors to the shopping center.Hylan Plaza went through a major renovation in 2003 which included an expansion and complete remodeling of Pathmark, new grass and tree planted medians, new lampposts, and the closing of several secondary driveways and the causeway to travel between both the main (Hylan Boulevard) and Mill Road parking lots.

imgURL : loc_name : United Artists Hylan Plaza 5 Movie Theater
addressValue : 2626 Hylan Blvd, Staten Island, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -74.109606
latValue : 40.566979

Saint George Greenmarket

Union Square is an important and historic intersection in Manhattan in New York City, New York, located where Broadway and the former Bowery Road – now Fourth Avenue[4] – came together in the early 19th century; its name celebrates neither the Federal union of the United States nor labor unions but rather denotes that "here was the union of the two principal thoroughfares of the island".[5]Today, Union Square Park is bounded by 14th Street on the south, Union Square West on the west side, 17th Street on the north, and on the east Union Square East, which links together Broadway and Park Avenue South to Fourth Avenue and the continuation of Broadway. The park is under the aegis of the New York City Department of Parks and Recreation.The neighborhoods around the square are the Flatiron District to the north, Chelsea to the west, Greenwich Village to the southwest, East Village to the southeast, and Gramercy to the east. Many buildings of The New School are near the square,[6] as are several dormitories of New York University.[7]The eastern side of the square is dominated by the four Zeckendorf Towers, on the former site of the bargain-priced department store, S. Klein, and the south side by the full-square block mixed-use One Union Square South (Davis Brody Bond, 1999).[8] It features a kinetic wall sculpture and digital clock expelling bursts of steam, titled Metronome. Among the heterogeneous assortment of buildings along the west side is the Decker Building.Union Square is noted for its impressive equestrian statue of U.S. President George Washington, modeled by Henry Kirke Brown and unveiled in 1856, the first public sculpture erected in New York City since the equestrian statue of George III in 1770, and the first American equestrian sculpture cast in bronze. The historic moment depicted is Evacuation Day, November 25, 1783, when the British left the city and General Washington triumphantly led his troops back into the city.[9]Other statues in the park include the Marquis de Lafayette, modeled by Frédéric Auguste Bartholdi and dedicated at the Centennial, July 4, 1876, Abraham Lincoln, modeled by Henry Kirke Brown (1870), and the James Fountain (1881), a Temperance fountain with the figure of Charity who empties her jug of water, aided by a child; it was donated by Daniel Willis James and sculpted by Adolf Donndorf. A statue of Mahatma Gandhi in the southwest corner of the park was added in 1986.[10]Union Square lies over the 14th Street – Union Square New York City Subway station, served by the 4 5 6 <6> L N Q R trains.At the time that John Randel was surveying the island in preparation for the Commissioners' Plan of 1811, the Bloomingdale Road (now Broadway) angled away from the Bowery at an acute angle that would have been so awkward to build on, that the Commissioners decided to form a square at the union.[11] In 1815, by act of the state legislature, this former potter's field became a public commons for the city, at first named Union Place.[5][12]In 1832, when the space was surrounded by empty lots Samuel Ruggles, one of the founders of the Bank of Commerce and the developer of Gramercy Park to the northeast, convinced the corporation to name it Union Square and enlarge the commons to 17th Street on the north and extend the axis of University Place to form the square's west side. Ruggles obtained a fifty-year lease on most of the surrounding lots from 15th to 19th Streets, where he built sidewalks and curbs. In 1834 he convinced the Board of Aldermen to enclose and grade the square, then sold most of his leases and in 1839 built a four-storey house facing the east side of the Square.

imgURL : loc_name : Union Square Park
addressValue : 201 Park Ave S, New York, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.990408
latValue : 40.735917

Staten Island Mall Greenmarket

Union Square is an important and historic intersection in Manhattan in New York City, New York, located where Broadway and the former Bowery Road – now Fourth Avenue[4] – came together in the early 19th century; its name celebrates neither the Federal union of the United States nor labor unions but rather denotes that "here was the union of the two principal thoroughfares of the island".[5]Today, Union Square Park is bounded by 14th Street on the south, Union Square West on the west side, 17th Street on the north, and on the east Union Square East, which links together Broadway and Park Avenue South to Fourth Avenue and the continuation of Broadway. The park is under the aegis of the New York City Department of Parks and Recreation.The neighborhoods around the square are the Flatiron District to the north, Chelsea to the west, Greenwich Village to the southwest, East Village to the southeast, and Gramercy to the east. Many buildings of The New School are near the square,[6] as are several dormitories of New York University.[7]The eastern side of the square is dominated by the four Zeckendorf Towers, on the former site of the bargain-priced department store, S. Klein, and the south side by the full-square block mixed-use One Union Square South (Davis Brody Bond, 1999).[8] It features a kinetic wall sculpture and digital clock expelling bursts of steam, titled Metronome. Among the heterogeneous assortment of buildings along the west side is the Decker Building.Union Square is noted for its impressive equestrian statue of U.S. President George Washington, modeled by Henry Kirke Brown and unveiled in 1856, the first public sculpture erected in New York City since the equestrian statue of George III in 1770, and the first American equestrian sculpture cast in bronze. The historic moment depicted is Evacuation Day, November 25, 1783, when the British left the city and General Washington triumphantly led his troops back into the city.[9]Other statues in the park include the Marquis de Lafayette, modeled by Frédéric Auguste Bartholdi and dedicated at the Centennial, July 4, 1876, Abraham Lincoln, modeled by Henry Kirke Brown (1870), and the James Fountain (1881), a Temperance fountain with the figure of Charity who empties her jug of water, aided by a child; it was donated by Daniel Willis James and sculpted by Adolf Donndorf. A statue of Mahatma Gandhi in the southwest corner of the park was added in 1986.[10]Union Square lies over the 14th Street – Union Square New York City Subway station, served by the 4 5 6 <6> L N Q R trains.At the time that John Randel was surveying the island in preparation for the Commissioners' Plan of 1811, the Bloomingdale Road (now Broadway) angled away from the Bowery at an acute angle that would have been so awkward to build on, that the Commissioners decided to form a square at the union.[11] In 1815, by act of the state legislature, this former potter's field became a public commons for the city, at first named Union Place.[5][12]In 1832, when the space was surrounded by empty lots Samuel Ruggles, one of the founders of the Bank of Commerce and the developer of Gramercy Park to the northeast, convinced the corporation to name it Union Square and enlarge the commons to 17th Street on the north and extend the axis of University Place to form the square's west side. Ruggles obtained a fifty-year lease on most of the surrounding lots from 15th to 19th Streets, where he built sidewalks and curbs. In 1834 he convinced the Board of Aldermen to enclose and grade the square, then sold most of his leases and in 1839 built a four-storey house facing the east side of the Square.

imgURL : loc_name : Staten Island Lifestyle
addressValue : 1678 Hylan Blvd, Staten Island, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -74.090579
latValue : 40.587602

Heritage Farm

This list of museums in New York is a list of museums, defined for this context as institutions (including nonprofit organizations, government entities, and private businesses) that collect and care for objects of cultural, artistic, scientific, or historical interest and make their collections or related exhibits available for public viewing. Museums that exist only in cyberspace (i.e., virtual museums) are not included. Also included are non-profit art centers and galleries.

imgURL : loc_name : Heritage Meat Shop
addressValue : 120 Essex St, Manhattan, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.987412
latValue : 40.719385

Bronx Zoo

The Bronx Zoo is located in the Bronx borough of New York City, within Bronx Park. It is the world's largest metropolitan zoo, with some 6,000 animals representing about 650 species from around the world. The zoo comprises 265 acres (107 ha) of park lands and naturalistic habitats, through which the Bronx River flows.The Bronx Zoo is part of an integrated system of four zoos and one aquarium managed by the Wildlife Conservation Society (WCS), and is accredited by the Association of Zoos and Aquariums (AZA).Fordham University owned the land which became the Bronx Zoo and New York Botanical Garden. Fordham sold it to the City of New York for only $1,000 under the condition that the lands be used for a zoo and garden; this was in order to create a natural buffer between the university grounds and the urban expansion that was nearing. In the 1880s, New York State set aside the land for future development as parks. In 1894 the Boone and Crockett Club founded and took control of the New York Zoological Society (later renamed to Wildlife Conservation Society)[1] for the purpose of founding a zoo. Credit for this belonged chiefly to Madison Grant, C. Grant LaFarge, and some others.[5]

imgURL : loc_name : Bronx Zoo
addressValue : 2300 Southern Blvd, Bronx, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.876998
latValue : 40.850595

New York Botanical Garden

loc_name : Botanical Garden
addressValue : Botanical Garden, Bronx, NY 10458, USA
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.88310899999999
latValue : 40.866555

Wave Hill

Wave Hill is a 28 acre (11 ha) estate, consisting of public gardens and a cultural center, in the Hudson Hill section of the Riverdale neighborhood of the Bronx in New York City. It is situated on the slopes overlooking the Hudson River and the New Jersey Palisades. Listed on the National Register of Historic Places, the estate includes two houses and a botanical garden. Contemporary visual arts exhibits are on display in the Glyndor Gallery, as well as outside on the grounds.The original Wave Hill House was a gray fieldstone mansion built in 1843 by lawyer William Lewis Morris.[2] It was owned from 1866 to 1903 by publisher William Henry Appleton, who enlarged the house in between 1866 and 1869 and again in 1890, and added greenhouses and gardens to the grounds.[2] During these years, the house was visited by Thomas Henry Huxley, who helped Charles Darwin bring evolution to the public's attention. Theodore Roosevelt's family rented Wave Hill during the summers of 1870 and 1871, and Mark Twain leased it from 1901 to 1903.[3]The house was purchased in 1903 by George Walbridge Perkins, a partner of J. P. Morgan, along with adjacent property, including Glyndor, a house built by the Harriman family in 1888, which later burned down and was rebuilt in 1927.[2] In 1910 Perkins added an underground building for recreation which included a bowling alley.[2] Perkins performed extensive landscaping on the site, and leased Wave Hill House itself to an eminent ichthyologist, Bashford Dean of the American Museum of Natural History, who built a stone addition to the building as a private museum, Armor Hall.Other famous residents of the estate included the conductor Arturo Toscanini (1942–1945) and chief members of the British Delegation to the United Nations (1950–1956).[2] In 1960, at the suggestion of Robert Moses, the Perkins-Freeman family deeded Wave Hill to the City of New York.[2] In 1983 the estate was added to the roster of the National Register of Historic Places.[1]In 2005, Wave Hill was among 406 New York City arts and social service institutions to receive part of a $20 million grant from the Carnegie Corporation, which was made possible through a donation by New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg.[4][5]

imgURL : loc_name : Wave Hill
addressValue : W 249th St, Bronx, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.912443
latValue : 40.897786

Edgar Allan Poe Cottage

The Edgar Allan Poe Cottage (or Poe Cottage) is the former home of American writer Edgar Allan Poe. It is located on Kingsbridge Road and the Grand Concourse in the The Bronx, New York,[2] a short distance from its original location, and is now in the northern part of Poe Park.The cottage is a part of the Historic House Trust, listed on the National Register of Historic Places,[3] has been administered by the Bronx County Historical Society since 1975,[4] and is believed to have been built in 1797.[2][5]The Poe family—which included Edgar, his wife Virginia Clemm, and her mother Maria—moved in around May 1846[6] after living for a short time in Turtle Bay, Manhattan.[7] At the time, Fordham was rural and was only recently connected to the city by rail.[6] The cottage, which then on Kingsbridge Road to the east of its intersection with Valentine Avenue, was small and simple: it had on its first floor a sitting room and kitchen and its unheated second floor had a bedroom and Poe's study. On the front porch the family kept caged songbirds.[7] The home sat on 2 acres (8,100 m2) of land and Poe paid either $5 rent per month[2] or $100 per year.[8] Its owner, John Valentine, had bought it from a man named Richard Corsa on March 28, 1846,[9] for $1000.[10]The family seemed to enjoy the home, despite its small size and minimal furnishings. "The cottage is very humble", a visitor said, "you wouldn't have thought decent people could have lived in it; but there was an air of refinement about everything."[11] A friend of Poe's years later wrote: "The cottage had an air of taste and gentility... So neat, so poor, so unfurnished, and yet so charming a dwelling I never saw."[12] In a letter to a friend, Poe himself wrote: "The place is a beautiful one."[10] Maria wrote years later: "It was the sweetest little cottage imaginable. Oh, how supremely happy we were in our dear cottage home!"[13] Poe's final short story, "Landor's Cottage", was likely inspired by the home.[9]In this home, Poe wrote his poems "Annabel Lee" and "Ulalume" while the family cat sat on his shoulder.[14] During his time here, he also published his series on "The Literati of New York City", controversial gossip-like discussions of literary figures and their work, including Nathaniel Parker Willis, Charles Frederick Briggs, Thomas Dunn English, Margaret Fuller, and Lewis Gaylord Clark. As their publisher Louis Antoine Godey announced in his Lady's Book, they would soon "raise some commotion in the literary emporium."[15]

imgURL : loc_name : The Edgar Allan Poe Cottage
addressValue : 2640 Grand Concourse, New York, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.894213
latValue : 40.865548

Woodlawn Cemetery

Woodlawn Cemetery is one of the largest cemeteries in New York City and is a designated National Historic Landmark.A rural cemetery located in the northern New York City borough of The Bronx, it opened in 1863,[1] in what was then southern Westchester County, in an area that was later annexed to New York City in 1874.[citation needed]The Cemetery covers more than 400 acres (160 ha)[1] and is the resting place for more than 300,000 people. It is also the site of the "Annie Bliss Titanic Memorial", dedicated to those who perished in the 1912 maritime disaster. Built on rolling hills, its tree-lined roads lead to some unique memorials, some designed by famous American architects: McKim, Mead & White, John Russell Pope, James Gamble Rogers, Cass Gilbert, Carrère and Hastings, Sir Edwin Lutyens, Beatrix Jones Farrand, and John LaFarge.The cemetery contains seven Commonwealth war graves - six British and Canadian servicemen of World War I and an airman of the Royal Canadian Air Force of World War II.[2]As of 2007, plot prices at Woodlawn were reported as $200 per square foot, $4,800 for a gravesite for two, and up to $1.5 million for land to build a family mausoleum.[3]In 2011, Woodlawn Cemetery was designated a National Historic Landmark, since it shows the transition from the rural cemetery popular at the time of its establishment to the more orderly 20th-century cemetery style.[4]Woodlawn was the destination for many human remains disinterred from cemeteries in more densely populated parts of New York City:[5]

imgURL : loc_name : Woodlawn Cemetery
addressValue : 517 E 233rd St, New York, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.87425
latValue : 40.890066

Maritime Industry Museum at Fort Schuyler

Fort Schuyler is a preserved 19th century fortification in the New York City borough of the Bronx. It houses a museum, the Stephen B. Luce Library, and the Marine Transportation Department and Administrative offices of the State University of New York Maritime College. It is considered one of the finest examples of French-style fortifications. The fort was named in honor of Major General Philip Schuyler of the Continental Army.[2]Fort Schuyler was one of many forts built along the east coast of the United States in the aftermath of the War of 1812, when it became brutally apparent that the U.S. coast was poorly defended against foreign invasion. Fort Schuyler was dedicated in 1856 after only 75% completion. The fort was strategically positioned to protect New York City from naval attack through Long Island Sound, guarding the eastern entrance to New York Harbor. It is located on Throggs Neck, the southeastern tip of the Bronx, where the East River meets Long Island Sound. Fort Totten faces it on the opposite side of the river. Their interlocking batteries created a bottle-neck of defenses against ships attempting to approach New York City.Fort Schuyler, at its peak, boasted 440 guns. Later, it would be fitted with various other pieces throughout the ever-modernization of coastal defense artillery, once including 10-inch and 12-inch guns on disappearing carriages installed on the roof and on the peninsula around the fort. Coastal artillery emplacements at the fort lasted until 1935.

imgURL : loc_name : Maritime Industry Museum at Fort Schuyler
addressValue : 6 Pennyfield Ave, New York, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.791518
latValue : 40.805225

Bronx Museum of the Arts

The Bronx Museum of the Arts is a cultural institution located in the New York City borough of the Bronx. The museum focuses on contemporary and 20th century works created by American artists, and it has hosted exhibitions of art and design from Latin America, Africa and Asia. Its permanent collection consists of more than 800 paintings, sculptures, photographs and works on paper.[1]The museum was founded in 1971 and originally housed in the Bronx County Courthouse. In 1982, it moved into a converted synagogue at 165th Street and the Grand Concourse.[1] In 2006, the museum’s size was doubled to 33,000 square feet (3,100 m2) following a $19-million expansion project designed by Miami-based architecture firm Arquitectonica, that added a larger entrance, a new gallery and enhanced educational facilities.[2] In 2008, a 3,000-square-foot (280 m2) arts center was added to accommodate educational programs for local schoolchildren and their families.[3]

imgURL : loc_name : Bronx Museum of the Arts
addressValue : 1040 Grand Concourse, Bronx, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.919724
latValue : 40.831012

Valentine-Varian House (Museum of Bronx History)

The Valentine–Varian House, built in 1758 by Isaac Valentine and located in the Norwood section of the Bronx is the borough's second oldest house and oldest remaining farmhouse.[2] The house remained in the Varian family, which included Isaac Varian, New York's 63rd Mayor until 1905, when it was sold. It is currently a part of the Historic House Trust[3] and houses the Museum of Bronx History and the offices of the Bronx County Historical Society. It is a two story, five bay fieldstone residence with a gable roof. It was moved to its present site in 1965 and restored between July 1965 and May 1968.[4]During the American Revolutionary War, the House was occupied by Hessian, British and American troops and survived the war despite a series of battles fought nearby.[5] The House's role in the Revolutionary war was documented in a book published in 1983.[6] The house withstood significant vandalism in the 1960s when it was being converted for use into a museum.[7] Since its conversion to a museum it has held a number of exhibits about The Bronx and the borough's history.[8]The Bronx River Soldier, sometimes called Bronx River Sentry statue is located on the grounds of the House.[9]

imgURL : loc_name : Valentine-Varian House
addressValue : 3266 Bainbridge Ave, Bronx, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.879381
latValue : 40.877385

Hall of Fame for Great Americans

The Hall of Fame for Great Americans is an outdoor sculpture gallery, located on the grounds of Bronx Community College in The Bronx, New York City. Completed in 1900 as part of the University Heights campus of New York University,[2] the 630-foot (192 m) stone colonnade half-encircles the university library and houses 98 bronze portrait busts.[3] Designed by architect Stanford White (who also designed the library), the Beaux Arts structure was donated by Helen Gould, and was formally dedicated on May 30, 1901.[4]New York University (under severe financial distress) was forced to sell the campus in 1973 to the City University of New York and it became Bronx Community College.[5] Though the Hall's renown has itself faded, its architecture remains, and it stands as a secular national shrine not just to great men and woman, but to Roman ideals of fame favored at the beginning of the 20th century.[6]The library and hall stand on the heights occupied by the British army in the autumn of 1776 during its successful attack upon Fort Washington. Dr. Henry Mitchell MacCracken, Chancellor of New York University and originator of The Hall of Fame, once said:

imgURL : loc_name : Hall of Fame for Great Americans
addressValue : 2155 University Ave, New York, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.910539
latValue : 40.856672

Bartow-Pell Mansion Museum

The Bartow-Pell Mansion is a New York City landmark and museum located in northern portion of Pelham Bay Park in The Bronx. Originally the Robert and Marie Lorillard Bartow House, the residence and estate date back to 1654. The Lords of the Manor of Pelham once owned the home which was later enlarged, renovated and remodeled in the Federal style. The current house was built between 1836 and 1842. Ownership of the house passed between the Bartow and Pell families until it was finally sold to the City of New York in 1888 by descendants of the Bartow family.[3]The mansion remained unused and empty for years before being leased by the City of New York to Mrs. Charles Frederick Hoffman, Jr. ( Zelia Krumbhaar Preston ) ( April 1, 1867 - Sept. 14, 1929 )[4][5] in 1914 to house the International Garden Club, Inc., an organization she had founded to promote formal gardens. The club has since extended its purpose to include the preservation and restoration of the home.[6]The exterior of the mansion was restored and the formal gardens were constructed from 1914 to 1917/.[7][8] In 1936, Mayor Fiorello La Guardia used the mansion as his summer residence while nearby Orchard Beach was built. The interior of the mansion, furnished with period antiques, reopened to the public as a museum in 1946. The property also includes the Pell family burial plot.The property was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1978.[2][9] The mansion and a carriage house are included.Since 2008, Adventures in Preservation has been helping to preserve Bartow-Pell Mansion, a project that has been partly funded by a grant from the Cynthia Woods Mitchell Fund for Historic Interiors of the National Trust for Historic Preservation.[10]

imgURL : loc_name : Bartow-Pell Mansion Museum
addressValue : 895 Shore Rd, BRONX, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.805543
latValue : 40.871817

Yankee Stadium

Yankee Stadium is a stadium located in the South Bronx in New York City. It is the home ballpark for the New York Yankees of Major League Baseball, and will also be the home of New York City FC of Major League Soccer. It opened at the beginning of the 2009 MLB season as a replacement for the team's previous home, the original Yankee Stadium, which opened in 1923 and closed in 2008. The new ballpark was constructed across the street, north-northeast of the 1923 Yankee Stadium, on the former site of Macombs Dam Park. The ballpark opened April 2, 2009, when the Yankees hosted a workout day in front of fans from the Bronx community. The first game at the new Yankee Stadium was a pre-season exhibition game against the Chicago Cubs played on April 3, 2009, which the Yankees won 7–4.[12] The first regular season game was played on April 16, a 10–2 Yankee loss to the Cleveland Indians.[13][14]Much of the stadium incorporates design elements from the previous Yankee Stadium, thus paying homage to Yankee history. Although stadium construction began in August 2006, the project of building a new stadium for the Yankees is one that spanned many years and faced many controversies. The stadium was built on what had been 24 acres (97,000 m2) of public parkland. Replacement baseball fields opened in April 2012. Also controversial was the price tag of $1.5 billion,[15] which makes it not only the most expensive baseball stadium ever built, but the second-most expensive stadium of any kind (after MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford, New Jersey).[16]New York Yankees owner George Steinbrenner began campaigning for the building of a new stadium in the 1980s, even alleging unsafe conditions around the original Yankee Stadium despite the possibility that such statements could discourage attendance at his own team's games. Yankees ownership allegedly planned to move the team across the Hudson River to New Jersey. The Yankees also considered moving to the West Side of Manhattan, which was where the proposed West Side Stadium would later be considered for the New York Jets and the city's bid for the 2012 Summer Olympics.[17][18]New York City Mayor Rudolph Giuliani had already been instrumental in the construction of taxpayer-funded minor league baseball facilities MCU Park for the Mets' minor league Brooklyn Cyclones and Richmond County Bank Ballpark for the Staten Island Yankees. Shortly before leaving office in December 2001, he announced "tentative agreements" for both the New York Yankees and New York Mets to build new stadiums. Of $1.5 billion sought for the stadiums, city and state taxpayers would pick up half the tab for construction, $800 million, along with $390 million on extra transportation.[19] The plan also said that the teams would be allowed to keep all parking revenues, which state officials had already said they wanted to keep to compensate the state for building new garages for the teams.[20] The teams would keep 96% of ticket revenues and 100% of all other revenues, not pay sales tax or property tax on the stadium, and would get low-cost electricity from the state of New York.[20] Business officials criticized the plan as giving too much money to successful teams with little reason to move to a different city.[20]Michael Bloomberg, who succeeded Giuliani as mayor in 2002, called the former mayor's agreements "corporate welfare" and exercised the escape clause in the agreements to back out of both deals, saying that the city could not afford to build new stadiums for the Yankees and Mets. Bloomberg said that unbeknownst to him, Giuliani had inserted a clause in this deal which loosened the teams' leases with the city and would allow the Yankees and Mets to leave the city on 60 days' notice to find a new home elsewhere if the city backed out of the agreement.[19][20] At the time, Bloomberg said that publicly funded stadiums were a poor investment. Under Bloomberg, the New York City government would only offer public financing for infrastructure improvements; the teams would have to pay for the stadium themselves.The proposal for the current stadium was unveiled by the Yankees in 2004. The team scrapped plans to build a retractable roof, saving $200 million in construction costs.[21]

imgURL : loc_name : Yankee Stadium
addressValue : 1 E 161st St, Bronx, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.927908
latValue : 40.829331

Bronx Historic Districts

This is an incomplete list of landmarks in The Bronx designated by the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission.

imgURL : loc_name : Historic Districts Council
addressValue : 232 E 11th St, New York, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.987295
latValue : 40.73061

Sunday Market

New York is the most populous city in the United States and the center of one of the most populous urban agglomerations in the world—the New York metropolitan area.[6] The city is referred to as New York City or the City of New York to distinguish it from the State of New York, of which it is a part. A global power city,[7] New York exerts a significant impact upon commerce, finance, media, art, fashion, research, technology, education, and entertainment. The home of the United Nations Headquarters,[8] New York is an important center for international diplomacy[9] and has been described as the cultural and financial capital of the world.[10][11][12][13][14]On one of the world's largest natural harbors,[15] New York City consists of five boroughs, each of which is a county of New York State.[16] The five boroughs—the Bronx, Brooklyn, Manhattan, Queens, and Staten Island—were consolidated into a single city in 1898.[17] With a census-estimated 2013 population of 8,405,837[4] distributed over a land area of just 305 square miles (790 km2),[18] New York is the most densely populated major city in the United States.[19] As many as 800 languages are spoken in New York,[20][21] making it the most linguistically diverse city in the world.[22] By 2013 census estimates, the New York City metropolitan region remains by a significant margin the most populous in the United States, as defined by both the Metropolitan Statistical Area (19.9 million residents)[23] and the Combined Statistical Area (23.5 million residents).[24] In 2012, the MSA had a gross metropolitan product (GMP) of over US$1.33 trillion, while the CSA[25] had a GMP of over US$1.55 trillion, both ranking first nationally by a wide margin and behind the GDP of only twelve nations and eleven nations, respectively.[26]New York traces its roots to its 1624 founding as a trading post by colonists of the Dutch Republic and was named New Amsterdam in 1626.[27] The city and its surroundings came under English control in 1664.[27][28][29] New York served as the capital of the United States from 1785 until 1790.[30] It has been the country's largest city since 1790.[31] The Statue of Liberty greeted millions of immigrants as they came to America by ship in the late 19th and early 20th centuries[32] and is a globally recognized symbol of the United States and its democracy.[33]Many districts and landmarks in New York City have become well known to the city's approximately 55 million annual visitors.[34] Several sources have ranked New York the most photographed city in the world.[35][36][37] Times Square, iconified as "The Crossroads of the World",[38] is the brightly illuminated hub of the Broadway Theater District,[39] one of the world's busiest pedestrian intersections,[40][41] and a major center of the world's entertainment industry.[42] The names of many of the city's bridges, skyscrapers,[43] and parks are known around the world. New York City's financial district, anchored by Wall Street in Lower Manhattan, has been called the world's leading financial center[44][45][46] and is home to the New York Stock Exchange, the world's largest stock exchange by total market capitalization of its listed companies.[47][48] Manhattan's real estate market is among the most expensive in the world.[49] Manhattan's Chinatown incorporates the highest concentration of Chinese people in the Western Hemisphere,[50][51] with multiple signature Chinatowns developing across the city.[52][53] Providing continuous 24/7 service,[54] the New York City Subway is one of the most extensive metro systems worldwide, with 468 stations in operation.[55][56][57][58] Numerous colleges and universities are located in New York,[59] including Columbia University, New York University, and Rockefeller University, which have been ranked among the top 35 in the world.[60]In the precolonial era, the area of present day New York City was inhabited by various bands of Algonquian tribes of Native Americans, including the Lenape, whose homeland, known as Lenapehoking, included Staten Island, the western portion of Long Island (including the area that would become Brooklyn and Queens), Manhattan, and the Lower Hudson Valley, including The Bronx.[61]The first documented visit by a European was in 1524 by Giovanni da Verrazzano, a Florentine explorer in the service of the French crown, who sailed his ship La Dauphine into New York Harbor. He claimed the area for France and named it "Nouvelle Angoulême" (New Angoulême).[62]

imgURL : loc_name : GreenFlea Market
addressValue : Columbus Ave, New York, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.977027
latValue : 40.780674

Pelham Bay Park

Pelham Bay Park is a public park located in the northeast corner of the New York City borough of the Bronx and extending partially into Westchester County. It is, at 2,772 acres (1,122 ha), the largest public park in New York City. The section of the park within New York City's borders is more than three times the size of Manhattan's Central Park. The park is operated by the New York City Department of Parks and Recreation.About 600 acres (2.4 km²) are tidal, and fluctuate between being walkable and underwater, due to rapid tide changes in the salt marshes and the receding shoreline of Orchard Beach. The park includes land on both sides of the Hutchinson River, as well as Hunters Island, Twin Island, and Two-Trees Island, all formerly true islands in Pelham Bay and now connected to the mainland by fill. It borders the Bronx neighborhoods of Country Club, Pelham Bay, City Island, and Co-op City. North of the park is the village of Pelham Manor in Westchester County, and a 250 feet-wide strip of land that is part of New York City due to a boundary error. Owners of the several dozen houses on the strip have a Pelham Manor zip code and phone numbers and their children attend Pelham public schools, but as Bronx residents pay much lower property taxes than their Westchester County neighbors.[1]The southern part of Rodman's Neck is not part of the park but is occupied by the NYPD Rodman's Neck Firing Range. The City Island Bridge connects the park to City Island. A 19th-century plantation-style mansion called Bartow-Pell Mansion is a colonial remnant done in Greek revival style. It is a National Historic Landmark.The lagoon nearby was once part of Pelham Bay and was called LeRoy's Bay in colonial times. The lagoon was widened and dredged when it was chosen as the site of the 1964 Olympic Rowing trials.[2]At the northeast section of the park is Orchard Beach and a parking lot that were created by Robert Moses as the Riviera of Long Island Sound. One third of Pelham Bay, from which the park got its name, was filled in with landfill to make Orchard Beach. The park is crossed by the New England Thruway, the Hutchinson River Parkway, and Amtrak's Northeast Corridor railroad.The park is served by the Pelham Bay Park subway station 6 train.In the southeast section of the park, near the New England Thruway, there are fou softball/baseball fields, a playground for children, picnic area, tennis courts, a parking lot and several trails for walking/biking/running. Moreover, there is a large running track that was recently renovated. The renovation was part of the New York City 2012 Olympic bid. This track has a bleacher section off to its side and surrounds a grassy area that is used for both soccer games and football games. There are three overpasses that span the New England Thruway and bring parkgoers from the residential area of Pelham Bay directly into this section of the park.Bicycle paths go to all parts of the park and west to Bronx Park, east to City Island, and north to Mount Vernon. The park is the home of the Bronx Equestrian Center where visitors can ride horses through the parks' trails, enjoy pony rides or obtain riding lessons.

imgURL : loc_name : Pelham Bay Park
addressValue : Bronc County Line and Middletown Rd, New York, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.7972
latValue : 40.8615

Hunts Point Farmers Market

Hunts Point is a neighborhood located on a peninsula in the South Bronx of New York City. It is the location of one of the largest food distribution facilities in the world. The neighborhood is part of Bronx Community Board 2. Its boundaries are the Bruckner Expressway to the west and north, the Bronx River to the east, and the East River to the south. Hunts Point Avenue is the primary street through Hunts Point. The neighborhood is considered to be a red-light district, because of its crime rate and prostitution.[1] The neighborhood is served by NYPD's 41st Precinct.[2]As of the United States 2000 Census, Hunts Point has a population of 46,824, up from 39,433 in 1990 and 34,397 in 1980. Of them, 35,507 (75.8%) are of Hispanic origin, 10,021 (21.4%) are Black, non-Hispanic, 582 (1.2%) are White, non-Hispanic, 207 (0.4%) are Asian or Pacific Islander, 101 (0.2%) American Indian or Alaska Native, 90 (0.2%) are some other race (non-Hispanic), and 316 (0.7%) of two or more races (non-Hispanic).Hunts Point is a low-income residential neighborhood. Over half the population lives below the poverty line and receives public assistance (AFDC, Home Relief, Supplemental Security Income, and Medicaid). Hunts Point has one of the highest concentrations of Hispanics in all of New York City.Only 3,361 people in the area are reported to be in the labor force, which translates as approximately 40% of the total available working population that is employed. The average family here makes around $17,000 per year and the average household income is $16,000 per year. In the United States as a whole the average household income is $42,000 per year and the average family makes $50,000 per year.[3] This fact in addition to the extremely high cost of living in New York City means that poverty in Hunts Point is especially severe.The ZIP code is 10474.

imgURL : loc_name : Hunts Point Produce Market
addressValue : 101 Food Center Dr #2A, Bronx, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.881468
latValue : 40.815217

New York Botanical Garden Farmers Market

loc_name : Union Square Greenmarket
addressValue : E 17th St, New York, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.990226
latValue : 40.736722

Garden Gourmet

Kew Gardens is a triangular-shaped middle class neighborhood in the central area of the New York City borough of Queens, bounded to the north by the Jackie Robinson Parkway (formerly Interborough Parkway), to the east by Van Wyck Expressway and 131st Street, to the south by Hillside Avenue, and to the west by Park Lane, Abingdon Road and 118th Street. Forest Park and the neighborhood of Forest Hills and Forest Hills Gardens lie west of the neighborhood.The neighborhood is accessible thanks to the surrounding expressways, Kew Gardens – Union Turnpike subway station, and Kew Gardens railway station.Kew Gardens was one of seven planned garden communities built in Queens from the late 19th Century to 1950.[2] Much of the area was acquired in 1868 by Englishman Albon P. Man, who developed the neighborhood of Hollis Hill to the south, chiefly along Jamaica Avenue, while leaving the hilly land to the north undeveloped.[3]Maple Grove Cemetery on Kew Gardens Road opened in 1875. A Long Island Rail Road station was built for mourners in October and trains stopped there from mid-November. The station was named Hopedale, after Hopedale Hall, a hotel located at what is now Queens Boulevard and Union Turnpike. In the 1890s, the executors of Man's estate laid out the Queens Bridge Golf Course on the hilly terrains south of the railroad. This remained in use until it was bisected in 1908 by the main line of the Long Island Rail Road, which had been moved 600 feet (180 m) to the south to eliminate a curve.

imgURL : loc_name : Villas Market Place Inc
addressValue : 5665 Broadway, Bronx, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.903338
latValue : 40.881083

Mamma Rosa's Cucina & Salumeria

loc_name : Mama Rosa's
addressValue : 795 Broadway, Bayonne, NJ, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -74.109579
latValue : 40.674358

The Candy Box & Gelato Shoppe

Candy Box is a role-playing browser video game featuring ASCII art.The game was developed over a period of two months by indie game developer "aniwey",[2] a 19-year old student from Caen, France, and released in April 2013. A sequel was released on October 24, 2013.

imgURL : loc_name : The Candy Box
addressValue : Shop 21, 25 Dell Street, Woodpark NSW, Australia
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : 150.961095
latValue : -33.841269

3 Floors Department Store

Barneys New York is an American chain of luxury department stores headquartered in New York City. The chain owns flagship stores in New York City, Beverly Hills, and Chicago, all of which have restaurants operated by third parties. Smaller stores can be found in other locations across the United States.Brands sold include a number of high-end labels such as Saint Laurent Paris, The Row, Balenciaga, Rick Owens, Burberry Prorsum, Dries Van Noten, Thom Browne, and Bettanin & Venturi, as well as Barneys private label merchandise.The company began in 1923, when Barney Pressman opened his first store in Manhattan with $500 raised by pawning his wife's engagement ring in order to lease a 500-square-foot (46 m2) space at Seventh Avenue and West 17th Street in Manhattan with 20 ft (6 m) of frontage. Barney's Clothes was stocked with 40 brand name suits and a big sign with a slogan, "No Bunk, No Junk, No Imitations." Barney's sold clothing at discounted prices by purchasing showroom samples, retail overstocks, and manufacturers' closeouts at auctions and bankruptcy sales. It also offered free alterations and free parking to attract customers.Barney Pressman claimed to be the first Manhattan retailer to use radio and television, beginning with "Calling All Men to Barney's" radio spots in the 1930s that parodied the introduction of the Dick Tracy show. He sponsored radio programs featuring Irish tenors and bands playing jigs to advertise Irish woolens. Women encased in barrels gave away matchbooks with the store name and address. He also chartered a boat to take 2,000 of his customers from Manhattan to Coney Island.In a 1973 interview with Business Week, Fred Pressman became "convinced that the discount route definitely was not for us. My father and I have always hated cheap goods.... I didn't want to sell low-end merchandise. Now, many of those who chose to are verging on bankruptcy." Fred Pressman's New York Times obituary stated:

imgURL : loc_name : ABC Carpet & Home
addressValue : 888 Broadway, New York, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.989773
latValue : 40.738232

Webster's Close Out Center

Webster Hall is a nightclub and concert venue located at 125 East 11th Street, between Third and Fourth Avenues, near Astor Place, in Manhattan, New York City. Built in 1886, its current incarnation was opened by the Ballinger Brothers in 1992. It serves as a nightclub, concert venue, corporate events center, and recording venue, and has a capacity of 2,500 people – including the club; 1,400 for the main stage.[2]On March 18, 2008, after a landmarks proposal was submitted by the Greenwich Village Society for Historic Preservation, the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission designated Webster Hall and its Annex a New York City landmark.[3]Webster Hall was built in 1886 by architect Charles Rentz in the Queen Anne style and topped with an elaborate mansard roof. Six years later in 1892, Rentz was hired to design an addition to the building, occupying the site of 125 East 11th Street and designed in the Renaissance Revival style using the same materials as the original building. Throughout the early twentieth century the building was plagued by fires, which occurred in 1902, 1911, 1930, 1938, and 1949. The original mansard roof was likely lost in one these fires.[4]Webster Hall is one of New York City's most historically significant theater and event halls, having hosted social events of all types since the club's construction in 1886.[3] Originally commissioned by Charles Goldstein – who operated the hall and also lived in the Annex with his family until his death in 1898 – the building was a "hall for hire" from its inception.The first decade or so of Webster Hall's existence saw it host countless labor union rallies, weddings, meetings, lectures, dances, military functions, concerts, fundraisers and other events, particularly focused on the working-class and immigrant population of the surrounding Lower East Side neighborhood during its early years. Although it also hosted many high-society functions catering to the uppertens of the city, the hall earned a reputation as a gathering place for leftist, socialist, anarchist and labor union activity very early on. In 1912, Emma Goldman, the outspoken exponent of Anarchism, free love and birth control, led a march that brought the children of striking Lawrence, Massachusetts millworkers to the hall for a meal in order to dramatize the struggles of the working-class. In 1916, it was used as the strike headquarters for the International Ladies' Garment Workers Union; in 1920 meetings of the Sacco and Vanzetti Defense Committee were also held at Webster Hall.In the 1910s and 20s, Webster Hall became known for its masquerade balls and other soirees reflecting the hedonism of the city's Bohemians. Nicknamed the "Devil's Playhouse" by the socialist magazine The Masses, Webster Hall became particularly known for the wilder and more risque events of the time; Marcel Duchamp, Joseph Stella, Man Ray, Francis Picabia, Charles Demuth, Scott Fitzgerald and many other notables regularly attended events there during this time.The coming of Prohibition did not restrict the availability of alcohol at these events. Local politicians and police were said to turn a blind eye to the activities; at one time it was rumored that the venue was owned by the mobster Al Capone. The repeal of Prohibition was the reason for one of Webster Hall's biggest celebrations, "The Return of John Barleycorn."

imgURL : loc_name : Bronx Veterinary Center
addressValue : 2460 Webster Ave, New York, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.892717
latValue : 40.85989

Bay Plaza

Coordinates: 40°52′4″N 73°49′31″W﻿ / ﻿40.86778°N 73.82528°W﻿ / 40.86778; -73.82528 Bay Plaza Shopping Center is a shopping center on the south side of Co-op City, in the Bronx, New York. In addition to various department stores and shops, such as JCPenney, Staples Inc., Kmart and Old Navy, it has a multiplex movie theater, several restaurants, a fitness club, and some office space. Constructed from 1987 to 1988 by Prestige Properties, the shopping center is located between Bartow and Baychester Avenues, just outside of Sections 4 and 5 of Co-op City, on an open lot that from 1960 to 1964, was the site of Freedomland USA. The Bay Plaza Shopping Center is the largest shopping center in New York City. Since opening over 25 years ago, it has become extremely successful, the center claims to hold some of the highest performing stores on a per-square-foot basis for many national retailers.[1]

imgURL : loc_name : Bay Plaza Shopping Center
addressValue : 290 Baychester Ave, Bronx, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.828032
latValue : 40.867436

Fordham Road Center

Fordham is a neighborhood located in the west Bronx, New York City, United States. The neighborhood is part of Bronx Community Board 5. It is bordered by Fordham Road to the north, Southern Boulevard to the east, East 161st Street to the south, and Jerome Avenue to the west. The neighborhood's primary thoroughfare is Fordham Road; its main rapid transit line is the IND Concourse Line, operating under the Grand Concourse, with the IRT Jerome Avenue Line on its western border. ZIP codes include 10453, 10457, 10458 and 10468.Fordham has a population of 77,840 people. Its first growth was in the 1920s, when middle-class and working-class families from Manhattan flocked into the area, attracted by the then-modern housing and convenient subway access by Concourse, Jerome Avenue, and Webster Avenue lines to business districts in Manhattan where they could work and shop. The demographics are 31.3% White, 23.2% African American, 1.3% Native American, 4.7% Asian, 0.1% Pacific Islander, and 39.6% Hispanic or Latino majority being of Stateside Puerto Rican and Dominican descent.

imgURL : loc_name : Fordham Rd
addressValue : Fordham Rd, Essex, CT 06426, USA
typeValue : route
lonValue : -72.3773178
latValue : 41.33816059999999

The Hub

New York is the most populous city in the United States and the center of one of the most populous urban agglomerations in the world—the New York metropolitan area.[6] The city is referred to as New York City or the City of New York to distinguish it from the State of New York, of which it is a part. A global power city,[7] New York exerts a significant impact upon commerce, finance, media, art, fashion, research, technology, education, and entertainment. The home of the United Nations Headquarters,[8] New York is an important center for international diplomacy[9] and has been described as the cultural and financial capital of the world.[10][11][12][13][14]On one of the world's largest natural harbors,[15] New York City consists of five boroughs, each of which is a county of New York State.[16] The five boroughs—the Bronx, Brooklyn, Manhattan, Queens, and Staten Island—were consolidated into a single city in 1898.[17] With a census-estimated 2013 population of 8,405,837[4] distributed over a land area of just 305 square miles (790 km2),[18] New York is the most densely populated major city in the United States.[19] As many as 800 languages are spoken in New York,[20][21] making it the most linguistically diverse city in the world.[22] By 2013 census estimates, the New York City metropolitan region remains by a significant margin the most populous in the United States, as defined by both the Metropolitan Statistical Area (19.9 million residents)[23] and the Combined Statistical Area (23.5 million residents).[24] In 2012, the MSA had a gross metropolitan product (GMP) of over US$1.33 trillion, while the CSA[25] had a GMP of over US$1.55 trillion, both ranking first nationally by a wide margin and behind the GDP of only twelve nations and eleven nations, respectively.[26]New York traces its roots to its 1624 founding as a trading post by colonists of the Dutch Republic and was named New Amsterdam in 1626.[27] The city and its surroundings came under English control in 1664.[27][28][29] New York served as the capital of the United States from 1785 until 1790.[30] It has been the country's largest city since 1790.[31] The Statue of Liberty greeted millions of immigrants as they came to America by ship in the late 19th and early 20th centuries[32] and is a globally recognized symbol of the United States and its democracy.[33]Many districts and landmarks in New York City have become well known to the city's approximately 55 million annual visitors.[34] Several sources have ranked New York the most photographed city in the world.[35][36][37] Times Square, iconified as "The Crossroads of the World",[38] is the brightly illuminated hub of the Broadway Theater District,[39] one of the world's busiest pedestrian intersections,[40][41] and a major center of the world's entertainment industry.[42] The names of many of the city's bridges, skyscrapers,[43] and parks are known around the world. New York City's financial district, anchored by Wall Street in Lower Manhattan, has been called the world's leading financial center[44][45][46] and is home to the New York Stock Exchange, the world's largest stock exchange by total market capitalization of its listed companies.[47][48] Manhattan's real estate market is among the most expensive in the world.[49] Manhattan's Chinatown incorporates the highest concentration of Chinese people in the Western Hemisphere,[50][51] with multiple signature Chinatowns developing across the city.[52][53] Providing continuous 24/7 service,[54] the New York City Subway is one of the most extensive metro systems worldwide, with 468 stations in operation.[55][56][57][58] Numerous colleges and universities are located in New York,[59] including Columbia University, New York University, and Rockefeller University, which have been ranked among the top 35 in the world.[60]In the precolonial era, the area of present day New York City was inhabited by various bands of Algonquian tribes of Native Americans, including the Lenape, whose homeland, known as Lenapehoking, included Staten Island, the western portion of Long Island (including the area that would become Brooklyn and Queens), Manhattan, and the Lower Hudson Valley, including The Bronx.[61]The first documented visit by a European was in 1524 by Giovanni da Verrazzano, a Florentine explorer in the service of the French crown, who sailed his ship La Dauphine into New York Harbor. He claimed the area for France and named it "Nouvelle Angoulême" (New Angoulême).[62]

imgURL : loc_name : Spoke the Hub Dancing, Inc.
addressValue : 748 Union St, New York, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.978378
latValue : 40.67534

Frank Bee

loc_name : Frank Bee Stores Inc
addressValue : 3435 E Tremont Ave, Bronx, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.827591
latValue : 40.83253

City Girl Accessories

Kelly Killoren Bensimon (born May 1, 1968)[1] is an American former model, author, Socialite, and former editor of Elle Accessories. She appeared on the Bravo television series The Real Housewives of New York City from seasons 2 to season 4.'Kelly Jean[citation needed] Killoren was born in Rockford, Illinois.[1] She began working as a model while in her teens.[1]

imgURL : loc_name : Bergdorf Goodman
addressValue : 754 5th Ave, New York, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.974103
latValue : 40.763465

Jamaica Bay Wildlife Refuge

Jamaica Bay Wildlife Refuge is a wildlife refuge in New York City that is managed by the National Park Service as part of Gateway National Recreation Area.It is composed of the open water and intertidal salt marshes of Jamaica Bay. It lies entirely within the boundaries of New York City, divided between the boroughs of Brooklyn and Queens. It is near John F. Kennedy International Airport, which was built upon a portion of the wetlands in Jamaica Bay. In April 1942, the City of New York started placing hydraulic fill over the marshy tidelands of the area.[1] JFK International Airport is now the sixth busiest airport in the United States with 125 gates serving over 70 airlines[2] which may pose some serious noise pollutant threats to the surrounding environment.[3]The refuge provides habitat for a wide variety of flora and fauna, both marine and terrestrial. It is a prime location for viewing birds and bird migrations, diamondback turtle egg-laying and horseshoe crab mating and egg laying. The primary diet of the Diamondback terrapins include fish, snails, worms, clams, crabs and marsh plants, many of which are abundant in these particular marshlands.[4] Ospreys are currently being captured, tagged and studied in the Wildlife Refuge to help scientists better understand the birds' habits.[5] Small mammals such as Eastern Gray Squirrels[6] and raccoon[7] are also present in the area. The recently increased raccoon population however has developed a taste for diamondback turtle eggs and many nests are often destroyed only 24 hours after being laid.[8] The extent of the refuge is mostly open water, but includes upland shoreline and islands with salt marsh, dunes, brackish ponds, woodland and fields. It is the only "wildlife refuge" in the National Park System. Originally created and managed by New York City as a wildlife refuge, the term was retained by Gateway when the site was transferred in 1972. Usually, federal wildlife refuges are managed by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. Features created under city ownership include two large freshwater ponds. A visitor center with a parking lot provides free permits to walk the trails.[9]

imgURL : loc_name : Jamaica Bay Wildlife Refuge
addressValue : Broad Channel, New York, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.828673
latValue : 40.618125

Rockaway Beach

Rockaway Beach is a neighborhood on the Rockaway Peninsula in the New York City borough of Queens. It is located on the South Shore of Long Island. The neighborhood is bounded by Arverne to the east and Rockaway Park to the west. It is named for Rockaway Beach, which is the largest urban beach in the United States, stretching for miles along the Rockaway Peninsula facing the Atlantic Ocean.[1] The beach is run and operated by the New York City Department of Parks and Recreation. Rockaway Beach was once known as the "Irish Riviera" because of the large Irish American population in the area.[2] According to the 2010 United States Census, the community's total population is more than 13,000 people, making it the third most populated neighborhood on the peninsula.[3]What is now Rockaway Beach was formerly two different villages, Holland (as in Tunnel) and Hammels. In 1857, Michael P. Holland had purchased land and named the area after himself. Soon afterward, Louis Hammel, an immigrant from Germany, bought a tract of land just east of Holland. In 1878, he decided to give portions of his land to the New York, Woodhaven and Rockaway Railroad in order to build a railroad station for the peninsula. The area around it became collectively known as "Hammels". In 1897, Hammels merged with Holland and became known as the Village of Rockaway Beach. One year later, it was incorporated into the City of Greater New York and became part of the newly formed borough of Queens. However, the neighborhood, along with the eastern communities of Arverne and Far Rockaway, tried to secede from the city several times. In 1915 and 1917, a bill approving the secession passed in the legislature but was vetoed by the mayor at the time, John Purroy Mitchel.[4]

imgURL : loc_name : Rockaway Beach
addressValue : Rockaway Beach, Queens, NY 11693, USA
typeValue : political
lonValue : -73.8114993
latValue : 40.5867247

New York Hall of Science

Jamaica is a middle-class neighborhood in the New York City borough of Queens. It was settled under Dutch rule in 1656 in New Netherland as Rustdorp.[4] Under British rule, Jamaica became the center of the "Town of Jamaica". Jamaica was the county seat of Queens County from the formation of the county in 1683 until March 7, 1788, when the town was reorganized by the state government and the county seat was moved to Mineola (now part of Nassau County). In 1814, Jamaica became the first incorporated village on Long Island. When Queens was incorporated into the City of Greater New York in 1898, both the Town of Jamaica and the Village of Jamaica were dissolved, but the neighborhood of Jamaica regained its role as county seat. The neighborhood is part of Queens Community Board 12, which also includes Hollis, St. Albans, Springfield Gardens, Baisley Park, Rochdale Village, and South Jamaica.[5] Jamaica is patrolled by the NYPD's 103rd, 113th & 105th Precincts.[6]Previously known as one of the predominantly African American neighborhoods in the borough of Queens, Jamaica in recent years has been undergoing a sharp influx of other ethnicities. It has a substantial concentration of West Indian immigrants, Indians, Arabs, as well as many long-established African American families.[citation needed]The neighborhood of Jamaica is completely unrelated to the Caribbean nation of Jamaica (although many residents are immigrants from Jamaica); the name similarity is a coincidence. The name derives from "Yameco", a corruption of a word for "beaver" in the Lenape language spoken by the Native Americans who lived in the area at the time of first European contact. The "y" sound in English is spelled with a "j" in Dutch, the first Europeans to write about the area. This resulted in the eventual English pronunciation of "Jamaica" when read and repeated orally.[7]Jamaica is the location of several government buildings including Queens Civil Court, the civil branch of the Queens County Supreme Court, the Queens County Family Court and the Joseph P. Addabbo Federal Building, home to the Social Security Administration's Northeastern Program Service Center.[8] The U.S. Food and Drug Administration's Northeast Regional Laboratory as well as the New York District Office are also located in Jamaica. Jamaica Center, the area around Jamaica Avenue and 165th Street, is a major commercial center, as well as the home of the Central Library of the Queens Borough Public Library.Some locals group Jamaica's surrounding neighborhoods[9] into an unofficial Greater Jamaica, roughly corresponding to the former Town of Jamaica, including Richmond Hill, Woodhaven, St. Albans, Rosedale, Springfield Gardens, Hollis, Laurelton, Cambria Heights, Queens Village, Howard Beach and Ozone Park.[citation needed] The New York Racing Association, based at Aqueduct Racetrack in South Ozone Park, lists its official address as Jamaica (Central Jamaica once housed NYRA's Jamaica Racetrack, now the massive Rochdale Village housing development). John F. Kennedy International Airport and the hotels nearby also use Jamaica as their address.Jamaica Avenue was an ancient trail for tribes from as far away as the Ohio River and the Great Lakes, coming to trade skins and furs for wampum.[10] It was in 1655 that the first settlers paid the Native Americans with two guns, a coat, and some powder and lead, for the land lying between the old trail and "Beaver Pond" (later Baisley Pond). Dutch Director-General Peter Stuyvesant dubbed the area "Rustdorp" in granting the 1656 land patent.The English took over in 1664, renamed it "Jameco" (or Yamecah) after the name they gave to the local Native Americans that lived in the area, and made it part of the county of Yorkshire. In 1683, when the British divided the Province of New York into counties, Jamaica became the county seat of Queens County, one of the original counties of New York.Colonial Jamaica had a band of 56 Minutemen that played an active part in the Battle of Long Island, the outcome of which led to the occupation of the New York City area by British troops during most of the American Revolutionary War. In 1790, in William Warner's tavern. Rufus King, a signer of the United States Constitution, relocated here in 1805. He added to a modest 18th-century farmhouse, creating the manor which stands on the site today. King Manor was restored at the turn of the 21st century to its former glory, and houses King Manor Museum.

imgURL : loc_name : New York Hall Of Science
addressValue : 47-01 111th St, Corona, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.852402
latValue : 40.747951

Queens Botanical Garden

The Queens Botanical Garden began as part of the 1939 New York World's Fair in Queens. After the fair, the garden expanded to take up a larger portion of Flushing Meadows Park. When work was begun on construction of the 1964 World's Fair, the garden was moved to a site across the street from Flushing Meadows Park to a location atop the stream bed of Kissena Creek.The Queens Botanical Garden now consists of 39 acres (158,000 m²) of rose, bee, herb, and perennial gardens. It is open to the public. Wedding photography is popular on the lawns by appointment. Among other attractions, the garden hosts a Bee Garden.In 2005, it was among 406 New York City arts and social service institutions to receive part of a $20 million grant from the Carnegie Corporation, which was made possible through a donation by New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg. [1] [2]On September 27, 2007, Mayor Bloomberg and other dignitaries attended the ribbon cutting of QBG's new visitor center. The center, designed by BKSK Architects, was the first building in New York City to achieve the "Platinum" LEED rating, effectively becoming New York's greenest building.

imgURL : loc_name : Queens Botanical Garden
addressValue : 43-50 Main St, Flushing, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.826163
latValue : 40.751538

Queens Museum of Art

The Queens Museum, formerly the Queens Museum of Art, is an art museum and educational center located in Flushing Meadows-Corona Park in the borough of Queens in New York City, United States.The Queens Museum is located in Flushing Meadows Corona Park in Queens, New York. It is housed in the New York City Building that was constructed for the 1939 World’s Fair and hosted the United Nations General Assembly 1946-50. Founded in 1972, the museum houses the well known Panorama of the City of New York,[4] a scale model of the five boroughs built for the 1964 New York World's Fair.Situated in the most diverse county in the United States, the Queens Museum has focused on outreach and access for a wide range of audiences. The museum is known for international contemporary art exhibitions that reflect the hyper-diversity of the borough. The museum’s Education Department is the first in America to employ art therapists in a dedicated, fully accessible classroom, while the Public Events department has hired community organizers to work on local improvement initiatives.Employing a multifaceted strategy of outreach, the Queens Museum is simultaneously a fine arts collecting museum, historical site, community center, and educational classroom.

imgURL : loc_name : Queens Museum
addressValue : New York City Building, Queens, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.846501
latValue : 40.745666

Queens Zoo

The Queens Zoo is a 18-acre (7.3 ha) zoo located in Flushing Meadows – Corona Park in the New York City borough of Queens. The zoo is part of an integrated system of four zoos and one aquarium managed by the Wildlife Conservation Society in partnership with the New York City Department of Parks and Recreation, and is accredited by the Association of Zoos and Aquariums (AZA).Constructed on the site of the 1964 New York World's Fair and opened in 1968, the zoo is the newest of the Wildlife Conservation Society zoos, and the first to be designed from the start as a cageless zoo. Robert Moses turned the first shovel full of earth for the new construction on August 20, 1966, and cut the ceremonial ribbon to the new 18-acre (7.3 ha) "Flushing Meadows Zoo" a bit more than two years later on October 26, 1968.[1][5]The zoo's aviary is a geodesic dome designed by Thomas C. Howard of Synergetics, Inc. and used during the 1964 Fair.[2] The dome was originally designed as the fair's major indoor assembly hall, with no indoor supports blocking anyone's view, and repurposed for the 1965 season as a tribute to Winston Churchill after he died in 1964.[6] The 175-foot (53 m) diameter dome was one of the largest single-layer structures of its time. It was dismantled and stored after the fair, and was later reassembled in its current location with a mesh netting covering instead of the solid tent of the original dome.[7]The zoo was closed in 1988, and reopened in 1992 after a four-year, $16 million renovation, redesign, and reconceptualization.[8]

imgURL : loc_name : Queens Zoo
addressValue : 53-51 111th St, Corona, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.850514
latValue : 40.743625

USTA Billie Jean King National Tennis Center

The USTA Billie Jean King National Tennis Center is located in New York City, United States and has been the home of the US Open Grand Slam tennis tournament played every year in August and September. Operated by the United States Tennis Association (USTA) since 1978,[1] the facility has 22 courts inside its 46.5 acres (0.188 km2; 0.0727 sq mi)[2] and 11 in the adjoining park. The complex's three stadia are among the largest tennis stadia in the world, with Arthur Ashe Stadium topping the global list with a listed capacity of 23,200.[3] All 33 courts have used the DecoTurf cushioned acrylic surface since the facility was built in 1978.Located near Citi Field, the home of the New York Mets, the tennis center is open to the public for play 11 months out of the year (closed during inclement weather and in August/September due to the US Open), barring tournaments the USTA holds (such as junior and wood-racquet competitions).[4]On August 28, 2006, the USTA National Tennis Center was rededicated as the USTA Billie Jean King National Tennis Center.[4]The idea of the tennis center came about in January, 1977, when W. E. "Slew" Hester (the then-incoming president of the USTA) saw the underused Singer Bowl / Louis Armstrong Stadium on a flight into New York's LaGuardia Airport. He asked New York City to let him use Louis Armstrong Stadium and adjoining land for a tennis facility to host the U.S. Open. The center opened in August, 1978.[1]

imgURL : loc_name : USTA Billie Jean King National Tennis Center
addressValue : Flushing Meadow - Corona Park, Flushing, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.845612
latValue : 40.750368

New York Mets

New York is a state in the Northeastern and Mid-Atlantic regions of the United States. New York is the 27th-most extensive, the third-most populous, and the seventh-most densely populated of the 50 United States. New York is bordered by New Jersey and Pennsylvania to the south and by Connecticut, Massachusetts, and Vermont to the east. The state has a maritime border with Rhode Island east of Long Island, as well as an international border with the Canadian provinces of Ontario to the west and north, and Quebec to the north. The state of New York is often referred to as New York State to distinguish it from New York City, its largest city.New York City, with a Census-estimated population of over 8.4 million in 2013,[8] is the most populous city in the United States and a financial, cultural, and tourism center.[9][10][11] The city alone makes up over 40 percent of the population of New York State. New York City is also known for being the location of Ellis Island, the largest gateway for immigration in the history of the United States. Both the state and city were named for the 17th century Duke of York, future King James II of England.New York was inhabited by various tribes of Algonquian and Iroquoian speaking Native Americans at the time Dutch settlers moved into the region in the early 17th century. In 1609, the region was first claimed by Henry Hudson for the Dutch. Fort Nassau was built near the site of the present-day capital of Albany in 1614. The Dutch soon also settled New Amsterdam and parts of the Hudson River Valley, establishing the colony of New Netherland. The British annexed the colony from the Dutch in 1664. The borders of the British colony, the Province of New York, were quite similar to those of the present-day state.About one third of all the battles of the Revolutionary War took place in New York. The state constitution was enacted in 1777. New York became the 11th state to ratify the United States Constitution, on July 26, 1788.Henry Hudson's 1609 voyage marked the beginning of European involvement with the area. Sailing for the Dutch East India Company and looking for a passage to Asia, he entered the Upper New York Bay on September 11 of that year.[12] After his return word of his findings quickly spread and Dutch merchants began to explore the coast in search for profitable fur trade. During the 17th century, Dutch trading posts established for the trade of pelts from the Lenape, Iroquois and other indigenous peoples expanded into the colony of New Netherland. The first of these trading posts were Fort Nassau (1614, near present-day Albany); Fort Orange (1624, on the Hudson River just south of the current city of Albany and created to replace Fort Nassau), developing into settlement Beverwijck (1647), and into what became Albany; Fort Amsterdam (1625, to develop into the town New Amsterdam which is present-day New York City); and Esopus, (1653, now Kingston). The success of the patroonship of Rensselaerswyck (1630), which surrounded Albany and lasted until the mid 19th century, was also a key factor in the early success of the colony. The English captured the colony during the Second Anglo-Dutch War and governed it as the Province of New York. The city of New York was recaptured by the Dutch once again in 1673 during the Third Anglo-Dutch War (1672–1674) and renamed New Orange, but returned to the English under the terms of the Treaty of Westminster a year later.[13]

imgURL : loc_name : N Y Mets Clubhouse Shop
addressValue : 11 W 42nd St, New York, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.9817
latValue : 40.7543

A & C Supermarket

Stormfront is a white nationalist,[2] white supremacist[3] and neo-Nazi[4] internet forum that was the internet's first major racial hate site.[5]Stormfront began as an online bulletin board system in the early 1990s before being established as a website in 1995 by former Ku Klux Klan leader and white nationalist activist Don Black. It received national attention in the United States in 2000 after being featured as the subject of a documentary, Hate.com. Stormfront has been the subject of controversy after being removed from French, German and Italian Google indexes, for targeting an online FOX News poll on racial segregation, and for having political candidates as members. Its prominence has grown since the 1990s, attracting attention from watchdog organizations that oppose racism and antisemitism.The website is a theme-based discussion forum with numerous boards for topics including ideology, science, revisionism, homeschooling, and self defense. Stormfront also hosts news stories, a merchandise store, and extensive links to racist organizations. The site has a logo featuring the Celtic cross (which is common to neo-Nazi iconography) surrounded by the motto "White Pride World Wide".Stormfront began in 1990 as an online bulletin board for white nationalist activist David Duke's campaign for United States Senator of Louisiana.[6] The name "Stormfront" was chosen for its connotations of a political or military front and an analogy with weather fronts that invokes the idea of a tumultuous storm ending in cleansing.[6] It was opened to the public in 1994, and the Stormfront.org website was founded in 1995, becoming the first website associated with white supremacy.[7][8] Until this point, attempts at using the internet for the white pride movement met with limited success,[9] but Stormfront quickly began to become popular with the growth of the internet at this time, according to owner Don Black.[6][10] A former Grand Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan and in the 1970s a member of the National Socialist White People's Party,[11] Black first received computer training while imprisoned for his role in an abortive 1981 attempt to overthrow the government of Dominica.[12][13]

imgURL : loc_name : Augsburg
addressValue : Augsburg, Germany
typeValue : political
lonValue : 10.89779
latValue : 48.3705449

Fisher Landau Center for Art

The Fisher Landau Center for Art is a private foundation located in Long Island City, Queens, in New York City, United States. It offers regular exhibitions of contemporary art, open to the public from 12 to 5pm, Thursdays through Mondays.The center, established in 1991, was accessible by appointment only until regular public hours were established in April 2003. The 25,000-square-foot (2,300 m2), three-story facility is devoted to the exhibition and study of the contemporary art collection of Emily Fisher Landau. The core of the 1,200-work collection is art from 1960 to the present, including important works by Ellsworth Kelly, Cy Twombly, Andy Warhol, Susan Rothenberg, Barbara Kruger, and Matthew Barney.Once a parachute-harness factory, the building at 38-27 30th Street in Long Island City was transformed into galleries and a library by the late English architect Max Gordon, designer of the widely-admired Saatchi Collection in London, in collaboration with Bill Katz. A close friend and adviser to Ms. Landau, Mr. Katz also serves as curator for the collection. The center is appointed with furniture by Warren McArthur, a mid-20th century designer of whose work Ms. Landau has collected some 150 examples.Mrs. Emily Fisher Landau, the widow of Martin Fisher and now married to Sheldon Landau, is a principal in the real estate firm of Fisher Brothers. Mrs. Landau is a generous donor to other institutions, notably the Whitney Museum of American Art, where the fourth-floor galleries are named for her, and where she serves on the Board of Trustees. She has also served on the Painting and Sculpture Committee of the Museum of Modern Art, New York, and the Board of Trustees of the Georgia O'Keeffe Museum in Santa Fe.

imgURL : loc_name : Fisher Landau Center for Art
addressValue : 38-27 30th Street, Long Island City, Queens, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.933088
latValue : 40.753435

Museum of the Moving Image

The Museum of the Moving Image is a media museum located in Astoria, Queens in a former building of what is now the Kaufman Astoria Studios. The museum originally opened in 1988 as the American Museum of the Moving Image. The museum began a $67 million expansion in March 2008 and reopened in January 2011.[2] The expansion was designed by architect Thomas Leeser.[3]The Museum of the Moving Image exists to expand public understanding and appreciation of the art, history, technique and technology of film, television, and digital media by collecting, preserving, and providing access to moving-image related artifacts via multimedia exhibitions and educational programming.[4] The exhibits include significant audio/visual components designed to promote an understanding of the history of the industry and an understanding of how it has evolved.[5] Panel discussions about current movies are frequently held at the museum.[6] It is also home to one of the most significant collections of video games and gaming hardware.[7] The museum's attendance has grown from 60,000 in 2000 to an expected figure of 120,000 in 2011.[8]

imgURL : loc_name : Museum of the Moving Image
addressValue : 36-01 35th Ave, New York, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.92395
latValue : 40.756345

The Noguchi Museum

The Noguchi Museum, chartered as The Isamu Noguchi Foundation and Garden Museum, was designed and created by the Japanese-American sculptor Isamu Noguchi. Opening on a limited basis to the public in 1985 the purpose of the museum and foundation was and remains to preserve and display Noguchi's sculptures, architectural models, stage designs, drawings, and furniture designs. The two-story, 24,000 square feet (2,200 m2) museum and adjacent sculpture garden, located in Long Island City section of Queens, one block from the Socrates Sculpture Park, underwent major renovations in 2004 allowing the museum to stay open year round. There are 12 galleries and a gift shop within the museum.[1]To house the museum, in 1974 Noguchi purchased a photogravure plant and gas station located across the street from his New York studio, where he had worked and lived since 1961.[2] The Isamu Noguchi Garden Museum opened to the public in 1985 on a seasonal basis. In 1999 the Foundation Board approved a $13.5 million Capital Master Plan to address structural concerns, ADA and NYC Building Code compliance and create a new public education facility. During renovation, the Museum relocated to a temporary space in Sunnyside, Queens, and held several thematic exhibitions of Noguchi’s work. In February 2004, the museum was formally chartered as a museum, and granted 501(c)(3) public charity status. The Noguchi Museum reopened to the public at its newly renovated space in June 2004. The museum building continued to suffer from structural issues into the early 2000s and a second $8 million stabilization project was begun in September of 2008.[3]

imgURL : loc_name : The Noguchi Museum
addressValue : 9-01 33rd Rd, New York, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.93775
latValue : 40.76695

P.S.1 Contemporary Art Center

MoMA PS1 is one of the largest art institutions in the United States dedicated solely to contemporary art. It is located in the Long Island City neighborhood in the borough of Queens, New York City. In addition to its exhibitions, the institution also organizes the International and National Projects series, the Warm Up summer music series, and the MoMA PS1 Young Architects Program with The Museum of Modern Art. It also ran WPS1, an Internet art radio station founded in 2004.[1] MoMA PS1 has been affiliated with The Museum of Modern Art since January 2000.P.S.1 (now MoMA PS1) was founded in 1971 by Alanna Heiss as the Institute for Art and Urban Resources Inc.,[2] an organization with the mission of turning abandoned, underutilized buildings in New York City into artist studios and exhibition spaces. Heiss, the center's former director, was born in 1943 in Louisville, Kentucky, and raised in a farming community in southern Illinois. The daughter of teachers, she graduated with a B.A. from Lawrence University in Appleton, Wisconsin, which she attended on a scholarship from the Lawrence Conservatory of Music.Recognizing that New York was the worldwide magnet for contemporary artists, and believing that traditional museums were not providing adequate exhibition opportunities for site-specific art, Heiss decided to establish a formal, alternative arts organization. She was working as a contemporary art organizer with various civic organizations when she formed what became a long-term friendship and working relationship with architecture/theater critic Brendan Gill. In 1971, she and Gill founded The Institute for Art and Urban Resources, and began renovating many old abandoned buildings in New York City. That year, Heiss and Gill organized their first alternative exhibition, working with the Gordon Matta-Clark in the unused spaces beneath the Brooklyn Bridge.[3] Among the sites transformed by the Institute were 10 Bleecker Street, the Coney Island Sculpture Museum, and the Idea Warehouse in TriBeCa. Later in 1973, the Clocktower Gallery, located in a 13-story municipal Beaux-Arts building at 108 Leonard Street, opened with its inaugural three shows: Joel Shapiro, Richard Tuttle. The Clocktower Gallery became a well-known alternative space and its distinctive location "in the sky near" City Hall made it an icon of one-person shows.In 1976, Heiss exponentially increased the organization's exhibition and studio capacity by opening the art center in a deserted Romanesque Revival public school building. This building, dating from 1892, served as the first school in Long Island City until 1963, when the First Ward school it housed was closed due to low attendance and the building was turned into a warehouse.[4] In October 1997, P.S.1 Contemporary Art Center reopened to the public after a three-year, $8.5 million[5] renovation project designed by Los Angeles-based architect Frederick Fisher, who had been working closely with Heiss and supervised by the New York architect David W. Prendergast.[6] The building's facilities were increased from 84,000 to 125,000 square feet in order to include a large outdoor gallery, a dramatic entryway, and a two-story project space.In 2008, Heiss left MoMA PS1 and founded Art International Radio, which is unaffiliated with MoMA PS1 but houses programs that originally aired on the now-defunct WPS1. AIR produces its own arts-oriented material.

imgURL : loc_name : MoMA PS1
addressValue : 22-25 Jackson Ave, Long Island City, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.94737
latValue : 40.74556

SculptureCenter

SculptureCenter is a contemporary art museum that is located in Long Island City in the borough of Queens in New York City.

imgURL : loc_name : SculptureCenter
addressValue : 44-19 Purves St, Long Island City, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.940942
latValue : 40.746894

Socrates Sculpture Park

Socrates Sculpture Park is an outdoor museum and public park where artists can create and exhibit sculptures and multi-media installations. It is located one block from the Noguchi Museum at the intersection of Broadway and Vernon Boulevard in the neighborhood of Astoria, Queens, New York City. In addition to exhibition space, the park offers an arts education program, artist residency program, and job training.In 1986, American sculptor Mark di Suvero created Socrates Sculpture Park on an abandoned landfill and illegal dumpsite in Long Island City. The four acre site is the largest outdoor space in New York City dedicated to exhibiting sculpture. The former landfill was renovated into the current park by a team of contemporary artists and local youths.[1] The park operated for 14 years with only a temporary city park status. In 1998, the park was given official status by former New York City mayor Rudolph Giuliani as a permanent city park after a developer attempted to erect luxury apartments and a marina on the site after the park's lease had expired.[2]In 2005, the park was among 406 New York City arts and social service institutions to receive part of a US$20 million grant from the Carnegie Corporation, which was made possible through a donation by New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg.[3][4]

imgURL : loc_name : Socrates Sculpture Park
addressValue : 32-01 Vernon Blvd, Long Island City, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.935839
latValue : 40.768558

Steinway & Sons Pianos

Steinway & Sons, also known as Steinway i/ˈstaɪnweɪ/, is an American and German manufacturer of handmade[12] pianos and purveyor of subcontracted pianos from suppliers sold under the secondary names Boston and Essex.[13] Steinway was founded 1853 in Manhattan in New York City by German immigrant Heinrich Engelhard Steinweg (later known as Henry E. Steinway).[14] The company's growth led to the opening of a factory and company town in what is now the Astoria section of Queens in New York City;[15] and a factory in Hamburg, Germany.[15]Steinway is a prominent piano company,[16][17] known for making pianos of high quality[18][19] and for its influential inventions within the area of piano development.[20][21] The company holds a royal warrant by appointment to Queen Elizabeth II.[22]Steinway pianos have been recognized with numerous awards.[23] One of the first official recognitions was a gold medal won in 1855 at the American Institute Fair at the New York Crystal Palace just two years after the company's foundation.[24][25] In 1855–62 Steinway pianos received 35 gold medals.[23] Several awards and recognitions have followed,[26] including 3 medals at the 1867 Exposition Universelle in Paris.[27] Steinway has been granted 126 patents in piano making; the first patent was achieved in 1857.[28] Most of the patents have expired.Steinway markets two less expensive brands of piano in addition to the flagship Steinway & Sons line: The Boston brand is for the mid-level market and the Essex is for the entry-level market. Boston and Essex pianos are made using lower cost components and labor and are produced in Asia by other piano manufacturers.[29][30][31]Heinrich Engelhard Steinweg first made pianos in 1835 from his house in Seesen, Germany,[32] including one designed by and produced for Friedrich Grotrian, a piano dealer.[33][34] Heinrich Engelhard Steinweg produced pianos under the Steinweg brand until he emigrated from Germany to America in 1850 with his wife and eight of his nine children.[35] The eldest son, C.F. Theodor Steinweg, remained in Germany, and continued making the Steinweg brand of pianos, partnering with Friedrich Grotrian in 1856–65.[36]In 1853, Heinrich Engelhard Steinweg founded Steinway & Sons. His first workshop was in a small loft at the back of 85 Varick Street in the Manhattan district of New York City.[37] The first piano produced by Steinway & Sons was given the number 483 because Heinrich Engelhard Steinweg had built 482 pianos in Germany. Number 483 was sold to a New York family for $500, and is now displayed at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City.[38] A year later, demand was such that the company moved to larger premises at 82–88 Walker Street. It was not until 1864 that the family anglicized their name from Steinweg to Steinway.[39]By the 1860s, Steinway had built a new factory at Park Avenue and 53rd Street, the present site of the Seagram Building, where it covered a whole block. With a workforce of 350 men, production increased from 500 to 1,800 pianos per year. The pianos themselves underwent numerous substantial improvements through innovations made both at the Steinway factory and elsewhere in the industry based on emerging engineering and scientific research, including developments in the understanding of acoustics.[40] Almost half of the company's 126 patented inventions were developed by the first and second generations of the Steinway family. Steinway's pianos won several important prizes at exhibitions in New York City, Paris and London.[41][42] By 1862, Steinway pianos had received more than 35 medals.[23][26]In 1865, the Steinway family sent a letter to C.F. Theodor Steinweg asking that he leave the German Steinweg factory (by now located in Braunschweig, known in English as Brunswick) and travel to New York City to take over the leadership of the family firm due to the deaths of his brothers Henry and Charles from disease.[36] C.F. Theodor Steinweg obeyed, selling his share of the German piano company to his partner, Wilhelm Grotrian (son of Friedrich Grotrian), and two other workmen, Adolph Helfferich and H.G.W. Schulz. The German factory changed its name from C.F. Theodor Steinweg to Grotrian, Helfferich, Schulz, Th. Steinweg Nachf. (English: Grotrian, Helfferich, Schulz, successors to Th. Steinweg), later shortened to Grotrian-Steinweg.[36] In New York, C.F. Theodor Steinweg anglicized his name to C.F. Theodore Steinway. During the next 15 years of his leadership he kept a home in Braunschweig and traveled often between Germany and the United States.[36]

imgURL : loc_name : Steinway
addressValue : Hinter der Kirche 9, Seesen, Deutschland
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : 10.174216
latValue : 51.893178

Museum for African Art

The New Africa Center, formerly known as Museum for African Art is temporarily closed in preparation for its move to Manhattan. Its former homes included Manhattan and the neighborhood of Long Island City in the borough of Queens in New York City, United States. Founded in 1984, the museum is "dedicated to increasing public understanding and appreciation of African art and culture." The Museum is also well known for its public education programs that help raise awareness of African culture, and also operates a unique store selling authentic handmade African crafts.[1]The Museum has organized nearly 60 critically acclaimed exhibitions and traveled these to almost 140 venues nationally and internationally, including 15 other countries. Forty of these exhibitions are accompanied by scholarly catalogues.Begun as the Center for African Art, the Museum for African Art's founding director was Susan Mullin Vogel, who had previously worked as Associate Curator in the Department of Primitive Art at the Metropolitan Museum of Art. During her time at the Museum for African Art, Vogel curated and organized ground-breaking exhibitions which put into question ways in which African art is presented to Western audiences, and how museum practices structure knowledge for the public. The most well-known of these exhibitions are "Art/Artifact: African Art in Anthropology Collections" in 1988, "Exhibition-ism: Museums and African Art" in 1994, and "Africa Explores: 20th-Century African Art" in 1991.In 2005, the museum was among 406 New York City arts and social service institutions to receive part of a $20 million grant from the Carnegie Corporation, which was made possible through a donation by New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg.[2] [1]This site is often confused with the National Museum of African Art in Washington, DC.

imgURL : loc_name : Museum For African Art Inc
addressValue : 593 Broadway, New York, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.997581
latValue : 40.725185

The Chocolate Factory

Fulton is a small city in the western part of Oswego County, New York. The population was 11,896 as of the 2010 census. The city is named after Robert Fulton, inventor of the steamboat.[1]The city of Fulton is a community in two parts. The area on the west side of the Oswego River was formerly known as "Oswego Falls" recognizing the nearby rapids on the river. (The name "Oswego" is from the Iroquois word meaning "the outpouring.") It was one of the first regions settled in the original Town of Granby. Settlements took place in two west-side locations, the "Upper Landing" and the "Lower Landing." The community was incorporated as a village in 1835. In 1902, the Village of Fulton and the Village of Oswego Falls merged, and the resulting community was chartered as the City of Fulton. The two sides of the river have long been connected by two bridges-one known locally as the "upper bridge" (Broadway/NY State Route 3) and the other more commonly known as the "lower bridge" (Oneida St.) Both bridges have been rebuilt or refurbished a number of times during the history of the villages and city.On August 6, 1931, Baseball Hall of Fame pitcher Grover Cleveland Alexander, pitching for the House of David semi-pro team, defeated the Byrne Sieberlings 5-3 in a game played in Fulton, NY. The contest was played before only 2,000 people. The Byrne Sieberlings, sponsored by the J. P. Byrne Tire Company, featured some of Central New York's greatest semi-pro ball players.[2]The industrial nature of the small city led to a very stable workforce for many years. In fact, during the Great Depression of the early 1930s, the New York Sun newspaper (NYC) wrote a lengthy article describing Fulton, its residents and the strong local economy. It was headlined as, "Fulton, the City the Great Depression Missed."At a May 2009 Common Council meeting, it was disclosed that the City of Fulton was exploring the possibility of merging with the neighboring towns of Granby and Volney to create one larger city. This idea has been floated a several times before and has yet to come to fruition.[3]The Oak Street School, Mount Adnah Cemetery, Fulton Public Library, Chancellor (tugboat), John Wells Pratt House, David Van Buren House, John Van Buren Tavern, Volkert Van Buren House, and United States Post Office are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.[4]

imgURL : loc_name : The Chocolate Factory
addressValue : 275 Park Ave, Brooklyn, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.967939
latValue : 40.6963

Euromarket Astoria

Astoria Park, a 59.96-acre (242,600 m2) park located along the East River in the New York City borough of Queens,[1] contains one of the largest open spaces in Queens. The park is operated and maintained by the New York City Department of Parks and Recreation. Situated in Astoria and adjacent to the Triborough (Robert F. Kennedy) and Hell Gate Bridges, the park contains New York City's oldest and largest swimming pool.[2] The outdoor 54,450-square-foot (5,059 m2) pool, planned by Robert Moses, was used for qualifying events for the 1936 and 1964 Summer Olympics.[2]Other attractions include bocce courts, six tennis courts, two playgrounds, a skatepark, and one track for running. One of the playgrounds, Charybdis Playground, is across Hell Gate from Scylla Point on Wards Island. In 2001, the two features were named after Scylla and Charybdis, two water hazards of the Odyssey, after Henry Stern petitioned to the federal government to rename what was then known as "Negro Point". The names stem from the dangerous whirlpools in the waters of Hell Gate.[3] On Independence Day, the Queens Symphony Orchestra plays in Astoria Park during the fireworks show. Upcoming events are posted on the parks department website.[4]

imgURL : loc_name : Euro Market
addressValue : 3042 31st St, New York, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.922474
latValue : 40.765904

Cypress Hills Cemetery

Cypress Hills Cemetery was the first non-sectarian/non-denominational cemetery corporation organized in the Brooklyn/Queens area of New York City. The Cemetery is run as a non-for-profit organization and is located at 833 Jamaica Avenue in Brooklyn. The Cemetery occupies both Kings and Queens counties and its 225 acres are divided by the Jackie Robinson Parkway (formerly the Interboro Parkway). Cypress Hills retains its two primary entrances at Jamaica Avenue (Brooklyn) and Cooper Avenue (Queens). The Cemetery reveals its historical significance through an extensive record of New York's most notable figures buried there. Established in 1848 east of the Ridgewood Reservoir, a section of the cemetery was designated as the Cypress Hills National Cemetery in 1862 as a military burial ground for soldiers of the American Civil War, which in 1941 received the bodies of 235 Confederate prisoners who died on Hart Island.[1]The cemetery features:

imgURL : loc_name : Cypress Hills Cemetery
addressValue : 833 Jamaica Ave, New York, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.874825
latValue : 40.689191

Marine Park

Marine Park is a public park located in the borough of Brooklyn in New York City. Its 798 acres (3.2 km2) surround the westernmost inlet of Jamaica Bay. Most of the land for Marine Park was donated to New York City to be turned into public park land by the Whitney family in 1920 and by Frederic B. Pratt and Alfred Tredway White, who jointly donated 150 acres (0.61 km2) in 1917. The land donated consists of the area between the current day Fillmore Avenue and Gerritsen Avenue and East 38th Street. Originally almost two thousand acres (8 km²), over half of which has been donated to the National Park Service as part of the Gateway National Recreation Area, the park is mainly a fertile salt marsh which is supplied with freshwater from Gerritsen Creek.Marine Park, surrounded by the eponymous neighborhood, consists of recreational park areas and the Salt Marsh Nature Center, where myrtle warblers, grasshopper sparrows, cottontail rabbits, ring-necked pheasants, horseshoe crabs, and oyster toadfish can be found.

imgURL : loc_name : Marine Park
addressValue : Marine Park, Brooklyn, NY, USA
typeValue : political
lonValue : -73.93304289999999
latValue : 40.6119911

Bolla

loc_name : Bolla Operating Corporation
addressValue : 5025 Bay Pkwy, Brooklyn, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.974905
latValue : 40.620835

Kings Plaza Mall

Kings Plaza is a shopping center that opened in 1970, within the Marine Park/Mill Basin section of Brooklyn, east of Flatbush Avenue. The mall was originally owned by a joint venture between R.H. Macy's and Alexander's and is currently owned and managed by Macerich. Kings Plaza originally hosted the now-defunct Alexander's, as well as Macy's department store chains. It began to operate a branch of Sears in 1997 where the Alexander's was previously, and underwent extensive renovations in 2001. Alexander's Inc., a real estate firm controlled and managed by Vornado Realty Trust and successor to the department store, previously owned the mall, with its parent Vornado responsible for management. It was announced in May 2012 that Alexander's/Vornado planned to sell the mall with the rest of the Vornado enclosed mall portfolio,[1] and in October 2012, Macerich announced it was buying the mall in a deal that closed at the end of 2012.[2]The mall is anchored by Sears, Macy's, Best Buy, H&M, and Old Navy.With approximately 4,200 jobs in retail services and over 120 individual stores, Kings Plaza is the largest such shopping center within the borough of Brooklyn.It is home to the world's first Sbarro pizza outlet.Unlike traditional malls in the United States, shoppers visiting Kings Plaza (as well as most other malls within New York City) have to pay for parking their cars on mall premises in the parking garage. The parking fee is currently $3 per vehicle. Kings Plaza previously had an outdoor lot before a Lowe's opened there.The mall acts as a terminal for the bus routes in the area. The B2, B9, B41, B46 utilize a dedicated bus terminal on the Flatbush Avenue side of the mall, the B3 and Q35 serve the mall at intermediate stops, and the B47 terminates at the Avenue U entrance to the mall.Kings Plaza has its own cogeneration plant on the roof of the mall, dubbed the Kings Plaza Total Energy Plant.[3] The plant uses four natural gas engines to produce the mall's entire electricity needs and export extra energy to the Con Edison grid, while the heat from the engine exhaust is used to heat and cool the building.

imgURL : loc_name : Kings Plaza Shopping Center
addressValue : 5100 Kings Plaza, Brooklyn, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.92104
latValue : 40.61035

Gateway Center Mall

Bronx Terminal Market, formerly known as Gateway Center at Bronx Terminal Market is a shopping center at Exterior Street in The Bronx, New York. The center encompasses under one million square feet of retail space built on a 17-acre (69,000 m2) site that formerly held a wholesale fruit and vegetable market as well as the former Bronx House of Detention, south of Yankee Stadium.The $500 million shopping center, which was completed in 2009, saw the construction of new buildings and two smaller buildings, one new and the other a renovation of an existing building that was part of the original market. The two main buildings are linked by a six-level garage for 2,600 cars.[1] The center has earned itself a LEED "Silver" designation in its design.[2]Located just south of Yankee Stadium under the Major Deegan Expressway, on a wide road named Exterior Street, Bronx Terminal Market was conceived in 1917 by New York City mayor John F. Hylan. Construction on the market started, but wasn't completed until mayor Fiorello La Guardia took office, in which he enacted a program constructing various markets to provide a home for the city's numerous pushcart vendors. Between October 1, 1934, and May 1, 1935, the city built a new complex just south of the existing unfinished structure. Bronx Terminal Market consisted of small two-story concrete buildings of simple design. Designed by Samuel A. Oxhandler with John D. Churchill and Albert W. Lewis, the buildings were originally painted light yellow. In 1936, the market's flagship structure went up, a small, cubist-style polygon at 149th Street with "Bronx Terminal Market" in large relief in the concrete. This building was designed to serve as a bank and, upstairs, a hotel for farmers. A float bridge brought in rail cars by barge to the market.[3]On December 21, 1935, mayor La Guardia appeared at the market to proclaim a city-wide ban on the sale, display, and possession of artichokes. The ban was instituted to combat the inflation of artichokes set by mobsters, namely Ciro Terranova. The ban was lifted within a year.

imgURL : loc_name : Gateway Center
addressValue : 501 Gateway Dr, New York, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.870584
latValue : 40.651955

Coney Island

Coney Island – Stillwell Avenue (also known as Coney Island Terminal) is a major rapid transit station in Coney Island, Brooklyn, serving as the terminal for four New York City Subway services. It is one of the world's largest above-ground terminal facilities (in fact the world's largest elevated rail terminal), and is the most energy-efficient mass transit facility in the United States. This large facility was designed at a time when Coney Island was the primary summer resort area for the New York region, with all of the rail lines in southern Brooklyn funneling service to the area.The station is located at the corner of Stillwell and Surf Avenues in Coney Island, the site of the former West End Terminal; it is the southernmost terminal in the New York City Subway (but not the southernmost terminal in the entire New York City Transit system, as that honor is claimed by the Tottenville station of the Staten Island Railway). It has eight tracks and four island platforms, with trains entering from both compass north and south; however, it serves as the railroad-south terminal for all D, F, N and Q trains.Nearby, tracks from both the BMT West End Line and BMT Sea Beach Line lead into Coney Island Yard.In 1919, a completely reconstructed New West End Terminal was built on an elevated structure to consolidate the terminals of all the former steam railroad lines terminating at Coney Island except the Long Island Rail Road-controlled New York and Manhattan Beach Railway. "West End" was gradually dropped from the terminal's name, and it is now known as Stillwell Avenue Terminal or Coney Island Terminal. Station signage reads Stillwell Avenue – Coney Island.A City Planning Commission report in 1979 recommended that free bus to subway transfers be implemented for passengers in Coney Island. Free transfers between the B36 and B74 bus routes to and from Coney Island – Stillwell Avenue station were proposed. It was noted that the station was the only one in New York City that once had direct rapid transit service in a single zone which didn't get free bus to subway transfers when service was discontinued (in sharp contrast to the BMT Culver Line, BMT Myrtle Avenue Line, and IRT Third Avenue Line, which were discontinued and replaced by bus transfers). The free transfers would stimulate full occupancy in the $200 million worth of government subsidized, recently constructed apartments, and would help integrate Mark Twain Junior High School and attract a stable middle class.[3]By 1980, the entire system was in a state of disrepair, and the Coney Island Terminal was no exception. It was slated to be rebuilt that year. The Daily News stated that the terminal would emerge "with a bright, new airy look" and would be one of the first stations in the system to benefit from continuously welded rail.[4]Construction did not start until November 2001, and Coney Island Terminal was entirely reconstructed, with the new terminal opening May 23, 2004 with 6 tracks. The project completed on May 29, 2005, with full restoration of N service and all eight tracks in service. A new entrance building was constructed, with a terra cotta facade in imitation of the former terminal, including restored BMT signs and logos. The former steel and concrete station, badly corroded by the effects of salt water and poor maintenance, was replaced with a new infrastructure, including a soaring roof with arches reminiscent of grand European railway stations such as the Gare Saint-Lazare. The roof is glazed with photovoltaic (solar electric) panels, consisting of 2,800 thin-film modules from Schott AG and covering a surface of 76,000 square feet (7,100 m2). The solar panel system has a nominal power of about 210 kWp, which generates an annual output of 250,000 kW hours, which the station can use to offset power needs. It is the largest renewable-energy enabled mass transit station in the United States. The main terminal and canopy was built by a joint venture between Granite Halmar Construction and Schiavone Construction. The Portal Building was built by Vertex Engineering Services.[5]While labeled a terminal, all of the tracks, with the exception of the West End line tracks, could provide through service in either direction. Only the West End line tracks end at bumper blocks at their south end. The station has been used as a terminal for most of its history, but at least two through services have been offered:

imgURL : loc_name : Coney Island
addressValue : Coney Island, Brooklyn, NY, USA
typeValue : political
lonValue : -73.9859414
latValue : 40.5749261

The Coney Island Cyclone

Coney Island is a peninsular residential neighborhood, beach and attraction destination on the Atlantic Ocean in southwestern Brooklyn, New York City. The site was formerly an outer barrier island, but became partially connected to the mainland by landfill. The residential portion of the peninsula is a community of 60,000 people in its western part, with Sea Gate to its west, Brighton Beach and Manhattan Beach to its east, and Gravesend to the north.Coney Island is well known as the site of amusement parks and a seaside resort. The attractions reached a historical peak during the first half of the 20th century, declining in popularity after World War II and years of neglect. In recent years, the area has seen the opening of MCU Park stadium and has become home to the Brooklyn Cyclones minor league baseball team, as well as the opening of a new amusement park among several adjacent ones.Coney Island is the westernmost part of the barrier islands of Long Island, and is about 4 miles (6.4 km) long and 0.5 miles (0.80 km) wide. Formerly it was an island, separated from the main part of Brooklyn by Coney Island Creek, which were partially tidal mudflats, but it has since been developed into a peninsula. There were plans early in the 20th century to dredge and straighten the creek as a ship canal, but they were abandoned, and the center of the creek was filled in completely to allow construction of the Belt Parkway before World War II, and it was filled in again in 1962 with the construction of the Verrazano–Narrows Bridge.[2] The western and eastern ends of the island are now peninsulas.

imgURL : loc_name : Cyclone
addressValue : 1000 Surf Avenue, Brooklyn, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.9776
latValue : 40.574702

New York Aquarium



imgURL : loc_name : New York Aquarium
addressValue : 602 Surf Ave, Brooklyn, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.975901
latValue : 40.574004

Brooklyn Cyclones

The Brooklyn Cyclones are a minor league baseball team in the Short-Season A classification New York–Penn League, affiliated with the New York Mets. The Cyclones play at MCU Park just off the Coney Island boardwalk in the New York City borough of Brooklyn.In its entire franchise history, the team has won seven division titles. As the Brooklyn Cyclones, the team has won 5 division titles, made the playoffs eight times and in 2001, the Cyclones were declared co-league champions with the Williamsport Crosscutters, being forced to prematurely end their championship series due to the September 11 attacks, despite the Cyclones leading the series one game to none.The Cyclones began as the St. Catharines, Ontario-based St. Catharines Blue Jays (later St. Catharines Stompers) in 1986 as a team in the New York–Penn League. They were named for their parent club, the Toronto Blue Jays. In 1995, the team was sold by the city of Toronto to a group of local investors which included former Toronto catcher Ernie Whitt.In 1999, New York Mayor Rudolph Giuliani announced a deal that would bring two minor league baseball teams to the boroughs outside Manhattan. New ballparks would be constructed for the Staten Island Yankees and the Cyclones. Prior to the 2000 season, the team was bought and moved to Queens, New York, becoming known as the Queens Kings. The club played its 2000 season at St. John's University in Jamaica, New York, in the borough of Queens, remaining a Blue Jays affiliate for one last season.A "name-the-team" contest was held to determine a new name for the franchise. The winning selection, Cyclones, refers to the famous Coney Island Cyclone roller coaster at nearby Astroland amusement park on Coney Island. The team's new park, which was then called KeySpan Park, was completed in time for the 2001 season. Brooklyn had been without professional baseball since the Brooklyn Dodgers left Ebbets Field for Los Angeles, California in 1958. After approximately three weeks of play, additional seats had to be added to the stadium to accommodate fans.The Cyclones managed by Edgar Alfonzo played well in their opening season with the best record in the league, 52–24 where the led the NY Penn-League with a 2.35 team ERA. They defeated the Staten Island Yankees in a classic NYPL opening playoff round. The deciding game won by the Cyclones 4 to 1 featured trickery by Catcher Brett Kay who faked giving up on a play only to receive a laser throw from John Toner to tag out a runner at the plate. advancing to the championship series against the Williamsport Crosscutters. The Cyclones traveled to Bowman Field in Williamsport, Pennsylvania, winning the series opener on September 10, 2001 by a score of 8 to 4. The potential championship clincher was scheduled for September 11 in Brooklyn. However, due to the September 11 attacks, all minor league baseball playoffs were canceled. The Cyclones and Crosscutters were declared co-champions.The 2002 season was filled with inconsistent play and questionable pitching decisions by manager Howard Johnson[citation needed] leading to a .500 season. Scott Kazmir pitched to a 0.50 ERA in five starts and had 34 strikeouts in only 18 innings pitched.In 2003, the Cyclones managed by Tim Teufel won the McNamara division title with brilliant pitching led by starters, soon to be Major Leaguers, Matt Lindstrom and Brian Bannister and by relievers Robert Paulk and Carlos Muniz. Despite a drop in run production, the Cyclones pitching staff willed their way into the playoffs, beating the Oneonta Tigers 2 games to 1 only to lose in the NYPL Championship to the Williamsport Crosscutters 2 games to none.The 2004 season brought the most complete Cyclones team ever. Managed by Tony Tijerina, three batters hit over .300 and five starting pitchers made their starts in rotation for the last 55 games of the season except one game. The Cyclones won the McNamara division title only to lose to the Tri-City Valley Cats in controversial fashion. With the series tied, the Cyclones were leading 3 to 0 in the 3rd inning when the games was held up and eventually cancelled by rain, which wiped out the score. After another rainout, Game 3 was played from the beginning where the Cyclones lost the deciding game 7 to 1. A new rule was placed by the NY-Penn League that any games suspended because of rain, if a team or teams have scored runs in the game, the suspended game will be picked from the inning when the game was called.The 2005 season managed by Mookie Wilson was hampered by inconsistent relief pitching that hampered games in the later innings despite a good offense. The Cyclones finished third and missed the playoffs. On August 23, 2005, The Cyclones and KeySpan Park hosted the first-ever New York–Penn League All-Star Game, which was won by the National League-affiliated team by a score of 5–4. Also that year, the Cyclones became a major partner of Brooklyn's High School of Sports Management, a small school located down the block from MCU Park on West 19 Street and Mermaid Ave.The 2006 season managed by George Greer mirrored the team name. A 7-game losing streak to start the season was followed by a 10-game winning streak which led the streaky Cyclones to the NYPL Playoffs in a dramatic extra-inning victory against the Vermont Lake Monsters in the final game of the season. The Cyclones would lose to the SI Yanks in the NYPL opening playoff round 2 games to none. On July 20, 2006, the Cyclones and the Oneonta Tigers took part in the longest game in the history of the New York–Penn League, a 26-inning marathon that the Cyclones lost, 6–1. The game took 6 hours and 40 minutes to complete. The Cyclones scored their lone run in the first inning; Oneonta tied the game in the fourth and then did not score again until they scored five runs in the top of the 26th inning. Cyclones manager George Greer was ejected from the contest in the first inning for arguing an umpire's call on a force play at second base.[1]The 2007 season managed by Edgar Alfonzo had the second most successful season in team history with a 49–25 record. With a consistent offense, great pitching and the best defense in the league, the Cyclones powered their way to winning its fourth McNamara division title and sweeping the SI Yankees in two straight games in the NYPL opening playoff round. Game One produced the best road win in team history when the Cyclones beat the SI Yanks, 8–4. However, the Cyclones went on to getting swept in disappointing fashion by the Auburn Doubledays for the NYPL Championship. After giving up a leadoff home run to shortstop Matt Bouchard, current Toronto Blue Jays starting pitcher Brett Cecil pitched one hit ball in 7 innings as the Doubledays won the game 4 to 1. On September 7, 2007, during the final regular season game (a 5–4 victory over the Lowell Spinners), the Cyclones set an all-time single-game attendance record of 10,073—2,573 more than the stadium's seating capacity in 2001. That season, the team won its fourth McNamara division title.The 2008 season managed again by Edgar Alfonzo was marred by a poor start but recovered with a torrid finish at 45–30, narrowly missing the playoffs after losing the final game of the season to the Aberdeen Ironbirds 5 to 3 in extra innings. The team produced Major Leaguers and current New York Mets Ike Davis and Jenrry Mejia. But the team was marred with an inconsistent offense with less than average results with runners in scoring position.On June 23, 2009, the team was renamed to "Baracklyn Cyclones" in honor of president Barack Obama. The team wore specially designed patriotic uniforms and the first 2,500 fans in got free Obama bobbleheads (with Obama in the new Cyclones jersey). Tickets prices were lowered for the game (Economic Stimulus Plan). They also gave away 1,000 band-aids (Universal Healthcare), let anyone named Barack in free of charge (naming rights), and gave away two tickets to anyone who was a plumber named Joe (Joe the Plumber special). Internet sensation Amber Lee Ettinger (aka Obama girl) made a special appearance and threw out the first pitch. Anyone with the name Palin or McCain got a free bleacher seat (Bi-Partisan Consolation Prize), and fans were given discount coupons and American flags after the game (Clear Cut Exit Strategy).On August 23, 2009, Cyclones pitcher Brandon Moore threw a 7-inning no-hitter in the first game of a doubleheader against the Aberdeen IronBirds, 5–0, at Ripken Stadium. Moore walked three and hit one batter, with only one IronBird reaching second base. This came seven years to the day Miguel Pinango threw a nine-inning one-hitter for the Cyclones, pitching 8 ⅔ innings of no-hit ball.On February 4, 2010, the team announced that the new name of their home would be called Municipal Credit Union (MCU) Park. (From 2001 to 2009 the stadium was known as KeySpan Park.) In addition to the naming rights, MCU and the Cyclones entered into a comprehensive 11-year marketing partnership that launches the Cyclones’ 10th season in Brooklyn. The partner agreement is scheduled to last until 2020.The Cyclones' main rival are the Staten Island Yankees, a rivalry often called the "Battle of the Boroughs", after the boroughs of Brooklyn and Staten Island, or the "Battle for the Bridge", after the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge which separates the two teams. Only 13 miles (21 km) apart, the two teams have the closest proximity in Minor League Baseball. The two teams generally sell out the games which pit them against each other. Other regional rivals include the Hudson Valley Renegades and the Tri-City ValleyCats. A major contribution to this intense rivalry is the fact that both parent teams are also based in New York (the Mets in Queens, and the Yankees in the Bronx).

imgURL : loc_name : Brooklyn Cyclones
addressValue : 1904 Surf Ave, Brooklyn, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.984476
latValue : 40.574846

Kalinka Gifts

loc_name : Kalinka Gifts Inc.
addressValue : 402 Brighton Beach Ave, Brooklyn, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.963062
latValue : 40.577113

Lola Star

Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen is a 2004 American teen musical comedy film directed by Sara Sugarman and produced by Robert Shapiro and Matthew Hart for Walt Disney Pictures. It stars Lindsay Lohan as an aspiring teenage actress whose family moves from New York City to New Jersey, Adam Garcia as her favorite rock musician, Glenne Headly as her mother, and Alison Pill as her best friend. The screenplay was written by Gail Parent and is based on the novel of the same name by Dyan Sheldon.It was released in late February 2004 opening with positive feedback from critics,and reached number two in the United States box office behind Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore's 50 First Dates. It was released July 10, 2004 on VHS and DVD.[2]Mary "Lola" Steppe (Lindsay Lohan) is a 15-year-old girl who grew up in New York City and wants desperately to be a famous Broadway actress. Lola narrates the story. Much to her annoyance, she moves with her family to the suburbs of Dellwood, New Jersey, but she confidently tells the audience, "A legend is about to be born. That legend would be me."At school, Lola makes friends with an unpopular girl named Ella Gerard (Alison Pill), who shares her love for the rock band Sidarthur. Lola idolizes the band's lead singer Stu Wolff (Adam Garcia). She also meets Sam, a cute boy who takes a liking to her, and makes enemies with Carla Santini (Megan Fox), the most popular girl in school.When Lola auditions for the school play, a modernized musical version of Pygmalion called "Eliza Rocks", she is chosen over Carla to play Eliza, and Carla promises to make her life miserable. Lola also beats Carla on a dancing video game at an arcade, where Carla reveals that she has tickets to the farewell concert of Sidarthur, who recently decided to break up. Afraid of being one-upped by Carla, Lola falsely claims that she and Ella have tickets too. She loses her chance to buy tickets and new clothes when her mother takes away her allowance, and the concert is sold out by the time she persuades Ella to pay for the tickets. But Lola explains that they can buy tickets from a scalper, and she gets Sam to sneak Eliza's dress out of the costume room for her to wear at the concert.On the night of the concert, Lola and Ella take a train to New York City, but Lola loses the money for the tickets and her plan to sneak into the concert doesn't work. Lola and Ella finally give up and walk through the city to Stu's after-show party. When they get there, Stu stumbles drunkenly out of the building and passes out in an alley. The two girls take him to a diner to sober him up, but he gets in trouble and they end up at a police station, where Lola gives her father's New York City address.At this point, Lola's dishonesty becomes a problem. When she met Ella, she tried to impress her by telling her a dramatic story about her father dying years earlier. Ella highly values honesty, so she becomes infuriated when she discovers that Lola's story was a lie. After Lola's father arrives and they explain what happened, Stu gratefully takes them all back to the party, where Ella forgives Lola for lying and the two girls see Carla, who sees them as well and looks upset. Lola talks with Stu about his work, but is disappointed to discover that he is a drunk.Back at school, Carla humiliates Lola by denying that she saw Lola or Ella at the party and calling Lola a liar. None of the other students believe Lola's story about being arrested with Stu and leaving her necklace at his house.Afterward, Lola goes home, depressed, and refuses to perform in the play, but she is spurred on by Ella's encouragement and arrives backstage just in time to prevent Carla from taking over her part. As she is about to go on stage, her mother wishes her good luck and finally calls her by her nickname "Lola". The modernist interpretation of Pygmalion (Eliza Rocks) ensues. After a great performance that brings a standing ovation, the cast goes to an after-party at Carla's house, where Stu arrives to see Lola. Carla tries to save herself from humiliation by saying he is there to see her, but is proved wrong when Stu gives Lola her necklace in front of everyone. As Carla's lies become apparent, she backs away from the crowd on the verge of tears and falls into a fountain, greeted by everyone's laughter. In a conciliatory gesture, Lola helps her up, and Carla accepts defeat. After dancing with Stu, Lola dances with Sam and they eventually share a kiss.

imgURL : loc_name : Lola Star Souvenir Boutique
addressValue : 1205 Boardwalk W, Brooklyn, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.979842
latValue : 40.573351

Mosvideofilm

Saint-Petersburg Trade & Publishing House

St. Petersburg Institute of International Economic Relations, Economics and Law (IIEREL) - IVESEP (Russian: Институ́т внешнеэкономи́ческих свя́зей, эконо́мики и пра́ва, ИВЭСЭ́П) is an independent institution of higher education in St. Petersburg, Russia. Established in 1994 by the interregional public organization “ZNANIE Society in St. Petersburg and Leningrad Oblast”.IVESEP-IIEREL is headquartered in St. Petersburg in a 19th-century palace built for Princess Zinaida Ivanovna Yusupova (42 Liteiny Prospekt). Training of the future specialists is based upon well worked-out system of common and special knowledge. The students are trained with the help of the most developed methods of education that lay on the principles of fundamental and systematical education, as well as on the interconnection between theory and practice. More than 80% of the professors of IIEREL are Doctors and Candidates; this amount is much higher than the requirements of the Ministry of Higher Education and Science of Russia. IIEREL is involved in Bologna process.

imgURL : loc_name : Enterprise Europe Network - St. Petersburg (Russia)
addressValue : Izmaylovskiy prospekt, 14, St Petersburg, Russia
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : 30.308818
latValue : 59.911766

Brooklyn College

The City University of New York (CUNY; pron.: /ˈkjuːni/) is the public university system of New York City. It is the largest urban university in the United States, consisting of 24 institutions: 11 senior colleges, seven community colleges, the William E. Macaulay Honors College at CUNY, the CUNY Baccalaureate for Unique and Interdisciplinary Studies Program at The Graduate Center, the doctorate-granting Graduate School and University Center, the City University of New York School of Law, CUNY Graduate School of Journalism, the CUNY School of Public Health and the Sophie Davis School of Biomedical Education. More than 270,000 degree-credit students and 273,000 continuing and professional education students are enrolled at campuses located in all five New York City boroughs. Its administrative offices are in mid-town Manhattan.[5]The university has one of the most diverse student bodies in the United States, with students hailing from 208 countries. The black, white and Hispanic undergraduate populations each comprise more than a quarter of the student body, and Asian undergraduates make up 18 percent. Fifty-eight percent are female, and 28 percent are 25 or older. CUNY graduates include 12 Nobel laureates, a U.S. Secretary of State, a Supreme Court Justice, several New York City mayors, members of Congress, state legislators, scientists and artists.[6]CUNY is the third-largest university system in the United States, in terms of enrollment, behind the State University of New York (SUNY), and the California State University system. CUNY and SUNY are separate and independent university systems, although both are public institutions that receive funding from New York State. CUNY, however, is additionally funded by the City of New York.CUNY's history dates back to the formation of the Free Academy in 1847 by Townsend Harris. The school was fashioned as "a Free Academy for the purpose of extending the benefits of education gratuitously to persons who have been pupils in the common schools of the city and county of New York." The Free Academy later became the City College of New York, the oldest institution among the CUNY colleges. Hunter College – so-named in 1914, originally Female Normal and High School and later the Normal College – had existed since 1870, and later expanded into the Bronx in the early 20th century with what became Herbert Lehman College, but CCNY and Hunter resisted merging.[7]In 1926, in response to the growth in population of the city, the New York State legislature created the Board of Higher Education of the City of New York to integrate, coordinate and expand the institutions of higher education in the city. During the period the Board existed, Brooklyn College (1930), Queens College (1937) and a number of other four-year colleges and two-year community colleges were created.[7]In 1961, Governor Nelson Rockefeller signed the bill that formally created the City University of New York to integrate these institutions, and a new graduate school, together into a coordinated system of higher education for the city, and by 1979, the Board of Higher Education had become the Board of Trustees of the CUNY.[7] Eventually, the system grew to include seven senior colleges, four hybrid schools, seven community colleges, as well as graduate schools and professional programs.

imgURL : loc_name : Brooklyn College
addressValue : 2900 Bedford Ave, New York, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.954412
latValue : 40.630995

Brooklyn Children's Museum

The Brooklyn Children's Museum is a general purpose museum in Crown Heights, Brooklyn, New York City. Founded in 1899, it was the first museum in the United States and some believe, the world,[1] to cater specifically to children and is unique in its location, predominantly a residential area.[2] Housed in a multi-level underground gallery,[3] the museum underwent an expansion and renovation to double its space, reopened on September 20, 2008, and became the first green museum in New York City.The museum's collection and exhibitions reflect its long history as well as the changes in children's educational needs over time and the changing environment.[2] Its original focus was the presentation of natural science to children raised in an urban environment, but following World War II, technology and cultural awareness became more important.[3] The underground gallery in which the museum was located following a 1975 move provided the ideal location for arranging evolving exhibits.[4] The museum was not intended to solely attract the interest of a young audience, but rather to engage their minds from a young age.[5] Children contribute extensively in the planning of museum exhibits, and have done so for a significant part of its history.[6][7]

imgURL : loc_name : Brooklyn Children's Museum
addressValue : 145 Brooklyn Ave, Brooklyn, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.944033
latValue : 40.674426

Jewish Children's Museum

The Jewish Museum of New York, an art museum and repository of cultural artifacts, is the leading Jewish museum in the United States. With over 26,000 objects, it contains the largest collection of art and Jewish culture outside of museums in Israel. The museum is housed at 1109 Fifth Avenue, in the former Felix M. Warburg House, along Museum Mile on the Upper East Side of Manhattan in New York City.While its collection was established in 1904 at the Jewish Theological Seminary of America, the museum did not open to the public until 1947. It focuses both on artifacts of Jewish history and on modern and contemporary art. Its permanent exhibition, Culture and Continuity: The Jewish Journey, is supplemented by both rotating and special exhibitions.The collection that seeded the museum began with a gift of 26 Jewish ceremonial art objects from Judge Mayer Sulzberger to the Jewish Theological Seminary of America on January 20, 1904, where it was housed in the seminary's library. The collection was moved in 1931, with the Seminary, to 122nd and Broadway and set aside in a room entitled 'The Museum of Jewish Ceremonial Objects'. The collection was subsequently expanded by major donations from Hadji Ephraim Benguiat and Harry G. Friedman.In January 1944, Frieda Schiff Warburg, widow of philanthropist Felix M. Warburg (d. 1937), donated the family mansion as a permanent home for the museum, and the site opened to the public as 'The Jewish Museum' in May 1947.[1] The building was expanded in 1963 and by architect Kevin Roche in 1993.In the 1960s, the museum took a more active role in the general world of contemporary art, with exhibitions such as Primary Structures, which helped to launch the Minimalist art movement.[2] In the decades since, the museum has had a renewed focus on Jewish culture and Jewish artists.[3] From 1990 through 1993, director Joan Rosenbaum led the project to renovate and expand the building and carry out the museum’s first major capital campaign, of $60 million. The project, designed by architect Kevin Roche, doubled the size of the museum, providing it with a seven-story addition. In 1992, the Jewish Museum and the Film Society of Lincoln Center teamed up to create The New York Jewish Film Festival, which presents narrative features, short films and documentaries.Today, the museum also provides educational programs for adults and families, sponsoring concerts, films, symposia and lectures related to its exhibitions. Joan Rosenbaum was the museum's director from 1981 until her retirement in 2010. In 2011 the museum named Claudia Gould as its new director.

imgURL : loc_name : Jewish Children's Museum
addressValue : 792 Eastern Pkwy, Brooklyn, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.941969
latValue : 40.668941

East Midwood Jewish Center

East Midwood Jewish Center is a Conservative synagogue located at 1625 Ocean Avenue, Midwood, Brooklyn, New York City.Organized in 1924,[11] the congregation's Renaissance revival building (completed in 1929) typified the large multi-purpose synagogue centers being built at the time,[6] and was from the 1990s until 2010 the only synagogue with a working swimming pool in Brooklyn.[4] The building has been unmodified architecturally since its construction,[4] and in 2006 was added to the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).[10]Membership dropped during the Great Depression, and the synagogue suffered financial hardship, but it recovered, and by 1941 had 1,100 member families. In 1950 the congregation built an adjoining school; at its peak its enrollment was almost 1,000.[5] As neighborhood demographics changed in the late 20th century, and Brooklyn's Jewish population became more Orthodox, the East Midwood Jewish Center absorbed three other Conservative Brooklyn congregations.[12]The East Midwood Jewish Center has had only three rabbis since it was founded.[13] Reuben Kaufman served from 1924 to 1929, Harry Halpern from 1929 to 1977, and Alvin Kass since then.[5] As of 2011[update], the rabbi was Kass and the presidents were Michael T. Sucher and Larry Isaacson.[1]East Midwood was organized in 1924[11] by Jacob R. Schwartz, a dentist who was concerned that his two sons had no nearby Hebrew school which they could attend.[14] From the start his intention had been to create a Conservative synagogue: Conservative Judaism was seen as a compromise between Orthodox and Reform, providing the familiar (and lengthy) Hebrew services of Orthodox Judaism, but, like Reform, adding some English prayers.[11] East Midwood differed from earlier Ashkenazi synagogues in New York, as services were to be conducted in Hebrew and English only (not Hebrew and Yiddish), and the members were to come from immigrants from all over Europe, not just one city or region.[15]East Midwood held its first annual meeting on November 18, 1924 at the Jewish Communal Center of Flatbush[14] (also known as the Flatbush Jewish Center),[16] and there elected its first president, Pincus Weinberg.[5] Weinberg, who was also chair of the Real Estate Committee, was the father of Sidney Weinberg, who rose from the job of assistant porter to head Goldman Sachs from 1930 to 1969. Prior to moving to Flatbush, Pincus Weinberg had been president of Congregation Baith Israel Anshei Emes.[17][18]East Midwood's first rabbi was Reuben Kaufman, and its first cantor was Jacob Schraeter.[5] Kaufman, a Brooklyn native, had celebrated his Bar mitzvah at Baith Israel Anshei Emes.[19]

imgURL : loc_name : East Midwood Jewish Center
addressValue : 1625 Ocean Ave, Brooklyn, NY, United States
typeValue : establishment
lonValue : -73.955483
latValue : 40.622326

casaBAN

Green-Wood Cemetery

Green-Wood Cemetery was founded in 1838 as a rural cemetery in Kings County,[3] New York.[4] It was granted Na